03:01 

(M) Hi, Anna.
Can you hear me?
(A) Yes, hi.
How are you Muskaan?
(M) How are you doing?
Today you came to UFAL?
(A) Hmm, mmm, mmm, today, I am in the office today.
I'm in the office.
(M) Okay, yeah.
(A) I just decided to enjoy walking here.
<laugh>
(M) <laugh>
(A) Is Tirthankar joining us?
(M) Yeah, I was just going to message him that <unintelligible> are we meeting today or not?
(A) And by the way did you do Maria Hrebječková, the annotator?
(M) No.
(A) Uh, uh, Tirthankar was supposed to do here on Friday.
Aha, I actually should ask Tirthankar about it.
Well, okay.
Let's wait for him.
(M) Should I call him, I think, is he joining?
(A) Probably yes.
Thank you.
(M)  He usually joins, uh-.
Ah, he is not answering the call also.
I hope everything is fine.
(A) Uh?
(M) Now he is not answering to the call.
Uh, I just hope we will join soon.
Uh, he joined.
Hi Tirthankar.
(A) Hi.
(T) Can you hear me?
Hi.
(M) Yeah.
(T) Oh, okay.
Oh, I missed your calls.
(M) Yes, I am so <unintelligible> you are usually there on time.
So I was wondering you didn't came.
If everything is fine and you are joining or not.
(T) Oh no, everything is fine.
Looks like we have to like replan everything now.
(M) Yeah.
(T)  So the thing is that we are not going for special sessions, right?
What is the last mail.
I think Anna can translate that for us.
What the person has written.
(A) Uh-huh that Czech text you mean.
(T) Mhm.
Yes.
(A) Nothing serious.
I will translate it.
That's actually not.
And, um, thank you for the email, uh, we had a te-, tech- a technical communication meeting.
And uh, the results are the following: that their are papers for for special sessions, uh, should  
fill the same criteria as all other papers and the same timelines.
So if you want.
Uh, if you plan to make a special challenge session, you should, uh, just follow these rules.
And if it would be a satellite event.
Uh, you should do what you want just coordinate it with something like <unintelligible> two more  
higher.
I do not know what is that.
Un, ah, ah important bit is that uh, the uh, the articles are not in the proceedings of  
Interspeech.
(M) So I think the same, uh, was written by Ondřej as well.
(T) So I actually knew about this satellite event.
So this is usually for some full fledged workshop.
Uh, not really for shared tasks, which are very focused.
But, uh, like this gives us much more flexibility and freedom to choose our event, or also like  
accept papers.
Ah, but the thing is that we have to do much like almost double work with this.
(M) So that means it is going to be,uh, like we are going to, uh, handle the track alone, right, is 
it?
Is it so, or did I said yes?
Did I understood everything?
(T) Yes, yes, everything.
So it is like a mini conference.
It is like a mini conference that you want to do.
(M) Mhm, okay.
(T) It is entirely independent of Interspeech.
So program committee, key note speakers everything we have to choose, okay?
And, uh, then, like, uh, Interspeech, will only be there.
They will just promote our, uh, workshop in their webpage and nothing else.
(M) Now, what do we do?
Do we refine the proposal?
(T) Yes.
(M) Uh, for a satellite.
The proposal is gonna be different?
(T)Yeah, there are.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There are many things now.
(A) Tirthan-.
(T) We have to figure it out.
(A) Tirthankar may ask you, do you want to do that?
(T) Yeah, um, we don't have any option right now.
(A) Uh, but there.
Another option is this next conference.
I forgot COLING or not COLING, something different.
(T) SIGDial.
(A) SIGDial.
At SIGDial we can make a shared task.
Yes?
(T) Yes.
(A) And why not to do a shared task at SIGDial.
(T) I would propose both, Anja.
We should do both.
Like we don't know that.
Uh if we, if we apply this will get eventually accepted.
(A) Mhm.
(M) Then what after?
If we do not get in SIGDial like, do we have some other option as well after SIGDial
(T) We have to go on trying, we have to go for IEEESLT.
Ah, IEEESLT spoken language technology workshop.
But I 'm strongly feeling from, uh, like whatever Ondřej said that our, uh, work is not exactly in  
the domain of speech, it is NLT.
So, uh, so, because there is nothing like no concept of speech here.
We are directly working on text.
So I'm resonating what Ondřej said.
But the thing is that the proposal for a Star leaf workshop this year is over.
Which was in September, which was too early for us.
And the next proposal would come for 2022 would, which would be too late for us.
So, uh, Anja what I would propose is.
Like, um, eventually we have to try and see.
Uh, like, uh, it's better that if we get either of the two, um, SIGDial or Interspeech. 
Because both of them are well recognized in the community and our.
Like we can motivate participants to submit.
(A) Ah, okay.
(T) The only the only <unintelligible> that I'm finding now is, going with Interspeech is like they 
will not allow us a space in the proceedings, which may, uh, deter some of the participants.
Like, um, like, I am not sure that how much, how much they will be excited to publish a paper in  
CBNL or Archive is a big no.
So in in Archives people can publish any time, right?
So that is not a benefit to their profiles.
So how to motivate, uh, participants to join our shared task.
Uh, if there is no endorsement in proceedings from Interspeech.
So this was the reason that I especially, uh, vouched for the special session.
But this time, the problem is-.
What I can understand is the last time that that differ-.
The like, uh, time periods between proposals, submission and your, uh, final paper submission was  
five months.
So it would have enough time for our shared task.
But this time it is only three months, so uh.
Yeah.
That is one <unintelligible> here.
(A) Uh, may I just make here one more thing.
(T) Yeah, yeah.
(A) If we made this kind of workshop, the satellite.
So we now make a proposal for the workshop.
We either get it or not.
If we get it, we write to our participants.
So we make an advertisement.
Please take part in the shared task.
Uh, or workshop.
So they are supposed suppose during this three months to, uh, write a program.
So to make, uh, this, uh, minuting somehow.
(T) Mhm, mhm.
(A) And write a paper also beforehand.
During these three months, there plus a separate paper on the topic.
Uh, at the same time, together with the shared task.
Yes? 
Or how is it going to work? 
(T) And so if we are going for special like-.
Uh, if you are if your proposal is accepted for a workshop, uh, then we have much more independence 
than special session.
So it is entirely up to us then, wha- when to float the deadline.
Ah, how should we do the review processes?
Everything.
So we are free to choose everything for this.
But for the special session, we have to strictly follow whatever Interspeech says there.
(A) We don't do the special session anymore.
It's clear.
I'm asking about the workshop.
(M) Ah, one more thing, uh, which is coming to my mind is.
If we have to prepare, like, in three months, like, like all the, if you are just emailing all the  
participants to take part into it.
And is our data prepared for it?
Because all the participants are going to,uh, experiment with our data, right?
<parallel_speech> They are supposed to prepare <unintelligible> <\parallel_speech
(T) Yes, I think, like, in three months our data will be prepared.
Like the proposal submission, the last date of submission, submitting the proposal is February  
twenty eight.
And before that, we have to get an ISC endorsement that the speech community is endorsing our  
proposals.
Then only we can submit, uh, the the workshop of proposal.
And then they will let us know by March fifteen.
So by March fifteen, we know that whether we are, we are accepted in Interspeech workshops.
And then we have to like, write our call for proposals and stuff.
But before submitting the proposal, uh, we have to get everything ready, like the website uh our  
program committee, key notes, the program, everything.
And then only, uh, we have to make a full fledged, uh, proposal for like workshop program and then  
submit.
And that would request time.
(M) Mhm.
(T) That would request time.
(M) So so but when is, when is the date, uh, for submitting the full papers to participants.
If we conduct a separate workshop.
(A) We can set it up.
(T) That is up to us.
(A) Up to us.
(T) That is up to us.
(M) Okay. Mhm.
(A) I will be back in two minutes.
Yes, I 'm sorry, just-.
<other_noise>
(T) So it should be very much double work.
(M) Yeah.
So.
(T) Like many things.
I yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go ahead.
(M) So, uh, right now, is the deadline the same?
For for the satellite, is it ninth?
(T) No, no, no, no, no.
No, for the satellite event it is February twenty eight.
But before that, we have to submit the proposal any time.
Okay, like as soon as possible and get endorsement.
And one of the endorsement is their. 
So there is two <unintelligible>.
One is endorsement from ISCA and when ISCA endorses we have to, uh, submit.
Yeah.
(M) Yeah.
(T) Submit and then they will say.
So it is a long process now.
But, uh, that is ok.
But my <unintelligible> is, we have to now look for proceedings.
Uh, take care of all those stuff on our own.
(M) Mhm.
(T) I know since I am like-.
I did this for the past year.
It is too too much heavy.
(M) And so anyway, we have prepared the, uh, this document.
We can send it to SIGDial, no, for the shared task. 
(T) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
By January fifteenth.
(A) If they accept us both to SIGDial and uh, uh, this Interspeech.
What does your-?
(T) Interspeech. 
We do both.
(A) What?
(T) We do both. 
(M) <laugh>
Yeah.
(A) Really?
(M) <laugh>
(T) Yeah, see, eventually it will be online.
So there is no travel.
Just, uh, like we have to manage this submission and do our thing.
So, I think that better, Ondřej will, uh, will have a better say.
But if you are to ask me.
I will do both then.
Because both have a very good visibility.
(A) Yes, but ,uh, can we find so many participants.
(T) I think so.
(A) Yeah, okay, okay.
(T) I think so.
Because, uh, since it would be entirely on to us, we don't need twelve submission.
We can even do with five, six submissions.
(A) Mhm, okay.
(T) Like, I have seen workshops in ACL having two or three submissions only.
So still, they are doing the proceedings and stuff.
So, that's not a problem.
(A) So, Tirthankar you are here to go to both.
And to begin with, uh, workshop now.
(T) Yes, yeah, but it, but it means double work.
That is what.
(A) Yes I understand, but you are very good.
(T) <laugh>
(A) <laugh>
My response.
<laugh>
(T) <laugh> Oh, okay.
(M) He just replied to that email.
(T) I talked to him, and there was some things <unintelligible>, <laugh>.
And he just said "Agreed".
(M) Yeah.
He just said "Agreed".
So I thought, that is a new information.
(A) Yes.
(T) <laugh>
Yeah, okay, uh.
So I think I need to settle down a bit.
Last three, four days, it was too too much hectic for me.
Uh, I like had to reorient everything.
Okay, uh, so , um, uh, like ,uh.
The thing is that our proposal is almost, uh, near to complete.
But we have to take out institutional membership.
For like, for um like, for all of us, to submit to the ISCA workshop administration portal.
So for this, Anja, I shou- I should contact Ondřej right?
(A)  I missed the point.
Sorry.
(T)  So we, we have to take a membership to submit the proposal.
(A) What is membership.
(T) Membership to ISCA.
(A) I do not know, really.
Tirthankar don't don't ask me about these administrative plants.
I have no idea.
(T) Oh, okay.
(A) So I can make the data.
I can read the texts, uh, but I can never, uh.
So, or understand this organizational things.
(T) Okay, no, I'm just asking, suppose Anja where, we have to pay some fees somewhere for our  
workshop.
To whom should I ask.
Like, if we have to ask Ondřej, right?
(A) Yes, aha, Ondřej and he will forward you to Tea.
(T) Uh, okay, okay, I got it.
So we have to pay two forty Euros for institutional membership, maybe.
(A) Yeah, yes, I think it's not a problem at all.
But, uh, ask ask, uh, Ondřej.
(T) Okay, okay.
So do you want to discuss about the proposal content for the workshop now or?
(A) Um, um, no, I don't know what.
(T) Okay, so let me prepare this as part of the content that is required.
I have to study some, uh, other satellite events that I got accepted to an Interspeech last year.
So we have taken reorient in these things.
And the, uh, the additional thing we have to have to do Softcom management, uh and um,
Softcom management and especially we have to invite the program committee now.
And to make a website for our propo-, uh, for our shared task.
(A) Yes.
(T) And what else?
Interesting..
(A) Yeah, it is really big work all of it.
(T) And and, uh, another thing, uh, Anja so ,uh, can you tell us a bit more about PBML?
And I was, I 'm like not aware of this journal.
(A) Hm, I would.
I would rather advise you to Google it.
I do not know, um, much more.
(T) Oh, okay.
(A)  I 'm not really interested in all these points.
I have never searched of that.
So I probably published there something once or twice.
But ,uh, I didn't make a  a reche-, a research about ,um-, what is-.
(T) So it is from UFAL.
Okay.
(A) I don't know.
Probably not just that.
Probably there is some points, I don't know which points.
Really don't ask me about it.
I don't follow.
(T) Mhm.
(A) Either Google it  or ask Ondřej.
(T) Yeah, I got it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(A) These are things that I never understand.
(T) Um-hum, okay.
So Ondřej is the technical editor, so it makes sense.
(A) Yeah, probably. 
Yeah, I'm very, very anti-organisational type.
(M) Which journal?
(T) The Prague Bulletin of Mathematical Linguistics.
(M) Oh, yeah, yeah, okay, mhm.
(T) Have you ever read it?
(M) Yeah, yeah, actually.
Ah, very good papers.
This machine translation got published in it.
So I have read about it.
(T) So is this?
(M) Yeah, yeah.
(T) So do you think that like, uh, the participants would be interested, uh, for a publication in  
this, in this journal?
(M) It depends on, depends on the participants actually.
(T) Oh, because I have never heard of it.
I know I have, uh, in in like in my, uh, research duration.
I have read lots of papers.
(T) Uh.
(M) So I think machine translation is-.
(T) I think it will be mostly focused on machine translation.
(M) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(T) Mhm.
(M) That is why I think I have experience with it. 
(T) But it is very old.
It was published in 1964.
(M) Yes, actually the like.
Um, like all the statistical machine translation, all the paper.
The core papers were actually in this.
So, I read lots of those papers.
(T) Okay.
(M) So they can be interested.
You know, it depends upon person to person.
So if he is aware of this, then I think he can be interested in.
If he is not aware, then probably you know.
It really depends.
(T) Mhm.
And is it indexed?
Or-.
Let me see.
(M) I think it was indexed, uh, in like all Google Scholar and all that.
But let us give it some <unintelligible>
(T) Okay.
(M) I think editorial board members are really, uh, interesting to see.
(T) Ondřej is there so that is good.
(M) Yeah.
<unintelligible>
<laugh>
(T) Mhm, so anyway.
So I think, uh, this would be easy for us, like if we have to do PBML.
Uh um-hum.
(M) Yeah, even if you see to the website of it.
They have mentioned that machine translation corpus linguist Davidson morphology, syntax and  
semantics is what-.
(T) But I 'm trying to look at the where it is indexed.
Because, you know, like, uh, to a new person, um, they would probably go for where it is indexed.
(M) Yeah.
(T) So in BBLP it is not indexed.
(M) It is not mentioned on the website, I wonder why.
So one good thing for, uh, going for <unintelligible> and would be,  uh, if we go for  
<unintelligible> , uh, the proceedings would be indexed with ACL anthology.
(M) Um, that is a good.
That is a good positive point.
(A) I would say that the <unintelligible> is better than Interspeech workshop.
(T) Yeah, less work.
(A) This is a little less work and intent and more intensive output.
(T) Yes, I agree.
Okay, so it is indexed in Google Scholar.
(M) Yeah, Google Scholar I have seen.
Thank you.
Despite of that-.
(T) So it is mostly on machine translation.
It is already, uh, written in there.
(M) Yeah, yeah.
(T) In their description.
Okay.
(M) Yeah, and it will be like <unintelligible>.
(T) But I don't see any kind of like proceedings in this journal.
(M) Uh, proceedings.
(T) Proceedings of any workshop or something, it was not there.
(M) Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, any kind-.
In any kind of conference or workshop, yes yes.
(T) Mhm.
Okay.
But I think if we are to do it Ondřej will take care of that.
(M) Yeah. 
(T) Okay.
So-.
(M) Did he mention it in some email? 
Ah, did I skip something?
Did he mention that we are going to publish in the proceedings?
(T) Yes, he says, that either either we can go for Archive or we can go for PBML.
So, but Archive is is no, because, yeah, it.
It won't motivate anyone to submit.
(M) So I think, uh, PBML is very famous to the entire machine translation community at least.
(T) Community, right.
(M) Yeah, so ,uh, not aware of the other summarisation and all people.
(T) Yeah, that's the point.
(M) So maybe we can try it.
(T) < unintelligible> light of-.
Uh I, uh, uh, I kn- I know something called, uh, SSRN from Elsevier.
So SSRN is something where they host.
They like they can host.
Um, the proceedings of some conferences and workshops.
But I 'm not sure that if they will charge for that. 
And if they charge how much is the charge. 
(M) SRN also has some specific or those.
Oh, for that, like a what they have, the general specific journals.
<uninteligible>
Like applied science and something there are after a certain there is specific something.
So are you talking about something specific.
(T) Ah, no.
I'm talking about SSRN Elsevier, SSRN conference proceedings from Elsevier.
(M) Mhm.
(T) Let me post the link.
(M) And where is it indexed?
(T) Yeah, <unintelligible> they will be indexed in <unintelligible>, Google Scholar, all the major  
industry services.
(M) Mhm.
Okay, maybe we can ask Ondřej I think about this.
(T) Yeah, let me let me scan it to-.
(M) It was Scopus indexed, I guess.
(T) Scopus yes, it will definitely will be because it is from Elsevier.
But I think it would also be indexed in others like <unintelligible> or something.
(M) Mhm.
Um-hum like, if I would have been so, I would have actually preferred a PBL over SSRN.
(T) PBL over SSRN.
(M)  Because I have read actually like four papers.
So I have like a very good image of PBL.
(T) Of PBL okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I understand.
(M) The quality of paper is very good, which I've have read.
(T) Yeah, for machine translation?
(M) Yes.
(T) Oh, okay, mhm.
<other_noise>
(M) And PBL is also an open index.
(T) Open access right?
(M) Yeah, open access.
And, uh, it is uh indexed by <unintelligible>
Directly <unintelligible>
(T) Mhm, okay, uh, you checked it?
(M) Yes, I checked it from the website of that.
(T)  Mhm.
Okay.
(M) That can be one, uh, positive point about it that it is open access.
(T) Yes.
Okay.
So another thing, another thing that we can do-.
Um, but I have to ask like we can, uh, uh, we can also do it as part of the <unintelligible> forum.
I think so.
I have to ask my other co-editors, if that is possible.
Oh, so <unintelligible> forum has  a very big visibility among the IRN and NLT community.
Okay, okay.
So I think maybe we can defer this discussion with Ondřej.
You could propose something better, um?
Anything else we had to discuss today?
I think it was mostly the proposal, right?
So that we are not doing.
Ah.
So we have to revise this and list down the thing that we need to do for, uh, the satellite event.
Okay.
Then, uh, do we meet tomorrow then?
Uh, maybe by tomorrow, I can come up with something that what are the additional works, we need to  
do.
(A) Yes.
Tirthankar thank you very much for willing to do that.
Uh, I am sorry that I can't help you on this stage so I really, I have been-.
(T) No, no, it's absolutely okay Anja.
(A) I will -
I would be really glat to help in some contextual things I will really-.
I will be glad to read the proposal and to, uh, to write some chapters to the proposal, so-.
(T) For sure, yeah.
Sure, sure.
(A) I think it i quite, yeah-.
(T) Anja, your your input is absolutely necessary at every point.
Ah, the only thing is.
Like, everything is okay.
The only thing is, we have to do double work, ah, that is the thing.
Ah <laugh> otherwise, everything is fine.
(A) Yes, yes, unfortunately, it is double work.
Okay, thank you.
(T) Okay, okay.
So we meet tomorrow.
Okay.
(A) Good luck.
Yeah.
(T) You too, you too.
(A) Thank you.
(T) Okay, okay.
Bye then.
(A) Bye, bye.
(T) Mhm.
(M) Goodbye.
