And these one section is i-, you could write the-, these one section for, for my attentions and he can, he can talk with [PERSON8] so that he could, you could have in this, because he is working, um, he i-, he´s survey, survey would be about, um, the probing, um, the syntactic probing of [PERSON1], [PERSON6] and <unintelligible> papers.
[PERSON8] Um, this say that the default is online and they will see if there will be some real participation as well or not.
And they say, as the situation this September cannot be easily predicted, they have decided to choose virtual as the default option.
Semi-virtual organization will be considered but as an optional addont.
[PERSON8] Yeah, it will be problem with writing of [PROJECT8] paper but it not really related to, um, [PROJECT2].
[PERSON10] Well I started working yesterday and I, I only written one paragraph and half which I haven´t pushed yet, so it´s not there.
But I´m really starting to getting to it and also I am done with teaching this semester so I will just work on the book from nowone so -
[PERSON10] So I was mostly over-, overnight I was mostly like getting back to what´s where and what I, I need organize things.
But I started writing and I expect there to be more written today and on Thursday and definitely on Friday.
[PERSON8] Yeah, so I managed to, to start working so maybe the mainly I was doing what [PERSON10] was doing so getting back to work but, um, I, I was restructuring the, the chapter so it´s lot of mess, um, but I started adding some information from some papers that, that was, was not there yet.
And, yeah, so now I´m trying to structure the <unintelligible>, yeah, to all the, um, modules chaptures some morfology so what they say, what morfology is captured and how will it is captured and there is no big difference between the individual models so, um.
And some of the things removed into the, what is it, notable models or how we called it?
I don´t have to care about, um, notable models and you will just delete my stuff and everything will be fine.
[PERSON4] Um, I don´t think it looks nice but it´s at least something that you can criticize and, and re-, rewrite.
Right, yeah, I write some, some figures from our, from our paper but till I´ve no, I did, I did the attention head into many, many like many templates, or not templates, many styles like attending to the same position, attending to the adjustement position but they are no styles nonvertical, mix style there is something vertical and are balustrades which are, which only appears in, in nation, um, in a [PROJECT6] but it should be there and the block which, um, li-, like two, two squares in the, in the visualisation with, whitch mainly are, um, in [PROJECT3].
There are more than one sentence at the input and the othere types of heads.
Like the sim-, the similary not just decide <unintelligible>.
[PERSON13] Yeah, it should, maybe the color should be changed because it would be better to have it like the <unintelligible> to be white to that the lines are visible there, um, so let the I will changed it and I will (regenerated) maybe more, more to the on [PROJECT3] as well so could be can compared, um, better.
So this is about like different attention head types in, in transformers like in, mainly in [PROJECT6] and in [PROJECT3] and on and, um, then it should continue by the section with, um, getting syntax from, from the self attention heads or getting syntax, yeah, getting syn-, syntax from self attention heads and then that is something could [PERSON5] is going to write in his survey as well.
For now we can work with [PERSON5] with, um, these, um, lend getting syntax from attention metrices only, from attention heads and yeah, I if only some, some papers and some notes to each of the paper when there are, there were doing something like something grated.
So on these two chapt-, um, sections I would work with [PERSON5] and yeah, there, yeah, about two papers or maybe more papers about highly head-, <unintelligible> attention heads which is still missing and then, um, some papers about that att-, attention heads are not interpretable on why, there are not or why it should be interpretable.
[PERSON4] So [PERSON13], wha-, from what you, what you have written, what is, what is cohere and unfinished enough that, that you would like to be at some feedback on?
Yeah, it is cohere but it´s the missing the end like the discussion at the end of this, um, of this, um, paragraph at least and some pictures are missing still.
[PERSON13] So I would like to regenerate and show more examples not only from [PROJECT6] but also from [PROJECT3] so, um...
But I will, I expect to send you, um, something by the end of the week.
I, I still dream that we could have it somehow at the end of at June in some share <unintelligible> which is readable and we passed it to the reviewers.
<unintelligible> building, maybe out, yeah, someone not from our university.
We still have, we will have like more money on, on this grant because, because, um, we had like 40, 50000 on conferences and I don´t know how much we will spend -
[PERSON13] Um, [PERSON5] is writing a survey maybe to [PROJECT4] or maybe or it will be maybe <unintelligible> better text it maybe it should go to some better place than [PROJECT4] only.
[PERSON13] But I would, if to, if the survey´s really goog I think it could be better to send it to better, better place, better, better, better conference then black box, then [PROJECT4].
[PERSON13] So if you, if you resend it from [PROJECT7] to black box you trough had the reveiw-, the, the reviews there.
[PERSON13] So that make it, make it faster or if it is, yeah, if it was very good on [PROJECT7] but not accepted, the, the accepted like August automatically to black box.
[PERSON13] They´re writing about so it´s only if you want to go to [LOCATION7] and it´s the other <unintelligible> have but I don´t know maybe it will be virtualised as well so -
Definitely that there will be an option to participate remotely because they expect maybe some people want be able to travel.
[PERSON8] Yeah, abstract submission is June 15th so it´s on Monday and then there is one more week for weekend.
Yeah, they haven´t special overview (track) but it will not be included in the proceedings.
[PERSON13] So, so let, let´s write it somehow and you will see and written how the paper is written some nice thing so that we could submitted to like other place than [PROJECT4], black box.
[PERSON13] Paper (ready) send the money are only for, for this year.
[PERSON13] I don´t know how it will be the next year <unintelligible> get less money because this, this other finished and you -
So in this case maybe for [PERSON5] it would be best if you concentrate the money you can give him to as little time as possible because it is some ceilings so -
[PERSON4] Also, um, bonuses are not allowed to be paied right now because of the, because of the corona crises.
The money cannot be spend, we, yeah, we can buy some stationary and I don´t know.
[PERSON13] But I think they only, the only transfering money from one, um, or from some travelling to salaries or something.
It was not allowed to buy some computers or this things.
I don´t know if it´s [ORGANIZATION2] for [ORGANIZATION3] but, um, [PERSON7] bought the computer that I am now using for some grant.
[PERSON4] What, what [PERSON7] computers it was, um, it was a strange situation because he got a confirmation from, um,[PERSON11] cluster is no, not able to accomodate more [OTHER1] at that time so, so he bought a laptop what, what the strong [OTHER1] that, that was to the region he was allowed to, to buy it from [ORGANIZATION2].
Because it-, it´s not a computer, it´s officialy equipement like if you are fysic or something like that.
[PERSON13] But anyway if he, if he will pay for, um, all the, the <unintelligible> for [PROJECT7] or for black boxes to, to we will not end up with much more -
[PERSON8] <unintelligible> money left in September, it will be hard to, to use it anyway cause -
[PERSON8] To buying like computer equipement you have to go trough some formal process or whatever.
