 [PERSON5: 'I told [Person5] so that in- include, join our, um, [PROJECT2], project, because currently he is working on survey about, .
um, about getting sim card, <unintelligible> Sim card, eh, from transformers, from .
transformers .
The deadline for, for [OTHER2] is Friday .
Someone from us need to be registred .
Participants are expected to go to [ORGANIZATION1] in September .
Virtual organization will be considered but as an optional addont .
Participants will be on the virtual organization .
Participants can register today or tomorrow .
I have holiday on Friday.
I have no holiday and - I have meeting with [PERSON12] on Monday I am not here.
I can to go to -.
I think it will be fast.
We have waited to weekend just decided who will <unintelligible> what away.
We don´t now what´s going to happen there.
We will just wait and see what happens .
The paper was to [PROJECT5] was accepted so we also all what we have promised for the [ORGANIZATION3] we almost have .
The book and one long paper, which is missing is the book, but, um, yeah, it can be a [project8] paper, vision deadline July 1st .
Aims to structure the <unintelligible structure of the modules chaptures some morfology so what they say and how will it be captured .
I was mainly changing the chapture section about, um, where it is, different attention heads and transformers, different, different styles or different styles .
I thought it´s very to have something that we can start with then, then have lorem ipsum.
It´s at least something that you can criticize and, and re-, rewrite.
We will read on the <unintelligible> and then commented.
The color should be changed because it would be better to have it like the <unintelligible> to be white to that the lines are visible there, um, so let the I will changed it and I will (regenerated) maybe more, more to the on [PROJECT3] as well .
The book will be published at the end of June .
The book was written by students from PROJECT6 and PROJECT3 .
The university will have like more money on, on this grant because, because, um, we had like 40, 50000 on conferences and I don´t know how much we will spend .
It´s possible it will be virtual anyway so, um...
it´s up to you .
The deadline is, it was posponed to the middle of August .
I think [PROJECT7] is officialy virtualised .
Everything is virtualised as well .
There is possible it will be virtualised and they´re waiting to see.
They said it, that there is possible .
There will be an option to participate remotely because they expect maybe some people want be able to travel .
The deadline for the book is June 15th .
You will get some of the money like it´s I think if you get some, some salary so -.
I think it is possible and would be the best option .
But I don´t know where you can introducing you, um, new people to our project for couple of months .
Half of it the salary you get and half of the salary just the Ph.D.
money .
So you always get more money if you <unintelligible> for money .
The university cannot pay bonuses .
I also got more money than usual this month, says student .
'I will need to go trough the, the papers and see what is, what is possible' He bought a laptop from [ORGANIZATION2] because he got a confirmation from [PERSON11] cluster is no, not able to accomodate more [OTHER1] at that time so, so he bought it .
He was allowed to, to buy it from the region he was allowed .
because it´s officialy equipement like if you are fysic or something like that .
He got a mail from the official event, um, like I really not all of us but we can come but I don't know what does it mean .
There is a food.
Maybe there is some food if, if - if - they wouldn´t let us in so maybe - maybe there is a chance to .
Maybe we don´t have do <unintelligible>.