 (PERSON5) So I'll also put – I'll also put the [ORGANIZATION2] link as well as the ([ORGANIZATION2]) link, so  is suitable for us.
(PERSON6) And now let's wait before [PERSON3] or – a- and [PERSON4] are connecting.
Because  ([PERSON5] seems that) [ORGANIZATION2] meeting link, it is (obvious) the – like  (PERSON5) So [PERSON6], could you – could you respond to , like if he can (reensolve) [ORGANIZATION2] and (then join), because in [ORGANIZATION2] meet it is really difficult to hear.
So, you send this (via file sender), and (they)  (you back) the manually corrected ASR? (PERSON6)  Now it works the same, we din't – we didn't change it yet.
Ondra – [PERSON5] is very much for that so that we really do that (GateHub) team and they can push and pull the data to the GateHub.
(PERSON4)  Sorry to interupt you [PERSON6], I think that [PERSON5] already decided not to include – not to  let them  Yes.
 work with (GeteHub), because it deleted the – the team.
(PERSON5) So,  [PERSON6], so  – so  – let – [PERSON4] said in the morning – first I'm not sure that I understand what you ask and second I'm not sure  – I'm not sure I can answer.
 so in summarising paper on that  maybe [PERSON4] also knows, none of them really works well.
and then maybe the second  – you know the second event  we can come up with this  new  – new techniques that we want to do.
If variant A is very clear, (its) concensus is accepted by all of us, we obviously go with variant B.
And then, the second (distrust) it, as I each , so the second and the third are crossed in the summary.
so it means, that for each annotator I have to change the name form (zac)1, from [ANNOTATOR2] to annot2 – (PERSON6) So, let's meet today, [PERSON4], let's meet today in person?