(PERSONm): Unfortunately, there is no overlap between eh [ORGANIZATION1] and [ORGANIZATION3] eh in this week, so I'll (try to do) the poll for the next week as well eh and hopefully, we will find something eh there.
(PERSONm): This is the (our) internal [ORGANIZATION7] decision, and I know, that you are like not the "this is a very decisive person", but still, do you think do (sense), that within [ORGANIZATION7], the idea is, that you don't want to get any money from this project, eh?
(PERSONm): Or like you should allocate those in the Overleaf and I will somehow make it clear in the tables, that the person months that are by [ORGANIZATION7] will not be paid for from the budget, but you will be assumed to have your own funding for those person months.
(PERSONm): Ehm, so I don't know, how this is going to be checked by the commission afterwards, but just promise some sensible number of person months, that you could indeed claim, that you have worked on project, and definitely, it should tasks you want to do within the scope eh, of the project, so just like (broadcasters) further within [ORGANIZATION7].
(PERSONm): So then the, eh the speech to speech translation is something that eh [ORGANIZATION1] doesn't want to have in the eh, like they don't want to ship translated audio to the partners parties in the, eh remote conference calls.
(PERSONm): I think that we'll just make sure that in the project, there is no promise on this, and eh eh with [ORGANIZATION3], this makes the situation easier, because you would only eh make sure that the platform <unintelligible> produces subtitles and sends them to to [ORGANIZATION1].
(PERSONm): For the real use case, like not remote, eh but but eh, the physical world use case, eh we are  still probably undecided how are we going to ship the translations to the participants, but my baseline eh idea is some web page that gets updated, so that would be again speech to text translation, and eh eh, I don't know em, [PERSON2], whether you have experience with shipping voice to individual cell phones or, how should we approach this for the for the conference or the workshops at eh at [ORGANIZATION7] events.
(PERSON2): We have to identify eh, in fact, how the the final platform for the delivery of the of the  translation, I think, but the ehmm, text to speech doesn't add so much information to the text, in fact, and probably -
(PERSONm): Eh, so the eh [ORGANIZATION3] eh eh integration should eh translate from the single speech signal that comes in to a into the many target languages, and ship those subtitles to the different eh users at eh the workshop.
(PERSONm): That's for the remote meetings, but I don't think that this is the case for the live meetings eh the [ORGANIZATION7] the [ORGANIZATION5] congress, so there is the plenary session of the [ORGANIZATION5] congress and then, there is the individual meetings, like the workshops.
(PERSONm): And eh, in the plenary session, there is the single speech given by the speaker, and then possibly some some questions, and we'll try to connect to the (interpretors) eh and eh and eh transcribe their voices, and or directly the main one eh and then eh, this will be shipping the subtitles to somewhere.
(PERSONm): So, the idea is that that you, in this project, you are the integrator for all the technologies, and you are also the final eh application provider for their live use case.
(PERSONm): And I think, that the [ORGANIZATION1] should be in, like present at the at the conference at the the [ORGANIZATION5] congress for dissemination purposes, because there will be also the eh meetings eh done remotely among the [ORGANIZATION7] delivery SAI institute.
(PERSONm): Thank you, so now let's move to the next eh, item in the agenda, and there's the task and the task and (deliverables) related to the [ORGANIZATION5] congress, and other [ORGANIZATION7] events, and this is something, that would like to just clarify how I see it, and make sure that you you see it similarly.
(PERSONm): Eh, so there will be the main [ORGANIZATION5] congress eh, in the middle of the project, and then, before that, there could be some dry runs workshops, or there will be some, we will make sure that there are some.
(PERSONm): So when I say workshop style, I mean: it's a live meeting of up to twenty people, and each of them strives to speak [OTHER2], but they are non-native speakers and there is the subtitling running, and that subtitling translates this non-native [OTHER2] into all the participants languages, so that they can eh follow the discussion with, like more input and better confidence.
(PERSONm): Okay, so let's make this one task for [ORGANIZATION7] events, and then, in the task description, we will say, that we plan to have the dry run and then the main and then the two follow ups.
(PERSONm): And then,  related thing is the eh the view, like where the events should be mentioned, and I've put it into that into the agenda here.
(PERSONm): Eh, so maybe, [PERSON2] if you could say more about like what the level of [OTHER4], how much effort is needed there, or eh and then [ORGANIZATION7] will comment on on eh eh, like, the availability of the need of of that, or maybe, we can squeeze some of this need from [ORGANIZATION1], possibly.
(PERSON2): Currently one of our customer is the constitutional (court) <unintelligible> and depending on the availability of the data, the person-months required the for training and dedicated the [OTHER4] model, for the [OTHER4] ASR model eh let me say, can vary from eh three to six month person months for maximum.
(PERSONm): That's, that's very good and I think, that the that needs to be like advertised for in the project proposal as well, and that extends your role from being just the integrator to also working directly on the ASR work package, right?
(PERSONm): So a  just let's let's make that clear in the proposal, and [OTHER4] is not one of the big languages of [ORGANIZATION7], but it's still one of the official languages, so it it's totally acceptable to to have that in.
(PERSONm): So eh so it's up to you to to put three or six person months there it's I just see that it's not too much effort needed, which is good, at the same time, it's it's good to put that effort in so the justification is something that can, like be easily (awarded), it it's that's perfect.
(PERSONm): So we probably do not need any specific need from from [ORGANIZATION7] on this, but still, maybe ask around and or mention, that in the project, there is this partner, who has the best [OTHER4] recognition in the world, so that there is the chance to to use it.
(PERSONm): This is for us, this is for our ([ORGANIZATION7]), and estimate, how many person months should we allocate eh in the data collection work package eh and ehh ehh, this is already eh doing eh detailed accounting on how many hours per speaker do we need ehhh for ehh to be able to adapt to to <other_unknown> <unintelligible> the speaker.
(PERSONm): Four hours to adapt to each of the [OTHER1] speakers, like we would have three re-speakers eh eh eh, that that could be like eh  some re-speakers and also like the main person giving the plenaries (interactory) speech eh.
(PERSONm): So if there is like some training phase or whatever, that should be included in this, so that's why when [PERSON2] said that you ask the person to speak for one hour, it's it would be probably good to put here like two hours and if I say four, then I actually expect than I don't get more than three hours of the recording or something like that.
(PERSONm): So, i assume that the the adaptation model for, ehh, so, well, actually, when the when the recording happens, eh, you need just the person and a proper device to record the voice.
(PERSONm): So, i was just saying, that for the recording, you have only the person and the device, and then, for the usage of this recording for the actual model adaptation, you need to have the the baseline acoustic model and I assume, that for [OTHER2], this will be given to to or provided eh to the project by [ORGANIZATION4] or [ORGANIZATION6], or possibly (even) [ORGANIZATION3].
(PERSONm): Yeah, so let's that that's a very good idea eh i will make sure that we have this like, it it actually fits nicely in the eh in the hours here in this table, so we could have like one more purpose and that would be, eh like recording or adapting eh at at  re- re-spoken events, so that could be part of this these conferences already.
(PERSONm): So for [OTHER4] and for the other languages: eh, can you please populate this table eh as i said this is for us, eh, so eh the idea is, that we will eh like this this table, the upper parts eh in on this sheet do the add ups so this, the blue one adds the hours eh by the different languages that we want to record, and the red sub-table summarises these person-months by a partner.
(PERSONm): So then, each of you once like, you have indicated, that on that type of language and the type of a speaker, we'll see how many person months it creates and this number should be accounted for in the in the data work package.
(PERSONm): So we we can obviously process also [OTHER2] speaking a re-speakers like giving short term contracts to them and to and do the recording here in [LOCATION1] eh, so if if eh, for example eh,  [ORGANIZATION6] would suggest, that they want to have some [OTHER2] re-speakers like at hand, then just make sure that you, like create this line here and say that it is to be included in our budget, because, like we should be paying those people, but it is for the purposes that [ORGANIZATION6] wants to do something specific.
(PERSONm): Yes, so all that, this should be filled by all the teams, that want to get, like direct access to data for speaker adaptation, and I would leave this to up to the [ORGANIZATION4] to decide, how much time do they want to invest into speaker adaptation for [OTHER3].
(PERSONm): The the project eh will so, so, eh yeah, it's it's it's like, very uncertain at the moment, but we hope to get hold of eh of  the actual interpreters, who will be interpreting at the sa- [ORGANIZATION5] congress, and it would be great get these for the adaptations sessions.
(PERSONm): So for the equipment: eh yeah, it's i don't know, how to how to go about this, but [PERSON2], you previously said, that you were just fine for for the conference interpreting that you already ran, for the for the insurance company.
(PERSONm): Can we simply trust that the same luck will happen for the [ORGANIZATION5] congress, or do we want to be specific, as i initially suggested, that like you would describe what equipment is is needed and [ORGANIZATION7] will then eh include this in their eh call for (tenders) or?
(PERSON2): We will have to get all of the all of the audio from the emm all of the audio from the emm equipment and send this audio to all of the ASR, we have to ehh identify, whether one of the engines will decide, if remotely or locally in during the [ORGANIZATION5] and <unintelligible> conference.
(PERSONm): Yeah, so this so the idea where this belongs eh the thanks for <unintelligible> that this belongs exactly to this sheet tool that detailed other direct sheet in the [ORGANIZATION2] sheet, eh so so far you don't have any line for equipment, because I haven't realised this.
(PERSONm): And then, just write down, like insert one line here and write down that this is for equipment, and write down that this is the equipment for the re-speaker recordings and this is the other equipment, this is the hardware for the conference or or eh whatever, whatever is is needed.
(PERSONm): And then we will, depending on how much is that, we will probably purchase eh like two or or maybe even more for this (site) so that we can do the recordings of the re-speakers here.
(PERSONm): Okay, so the last bit is the missing text parts, and eh here, i think that it's probably more efficient, if we just say goodbye and everybody will spend the remaining fifteen minutes in writing and writing and writing.
(PERSON2): I think it's eh important, also for the integration part, the other parties needs to integrate because all of the parties will need to integrate, also participate in the drafting the text.
(PERSONm): Thanks, already, you created the tasks in the integration work package, but primal titles only, and it was not clear to me what is the integration with publishing platform, so the publishing platform is for the minutes, that's like the, eh, or wha- wha- that's task 6.4.
(PERSONm): Yeah, so as of now, the tasks I I I like it's hard for me to locate it, but the task integration <paralell_talk> still, I should, maybe (not here), where's the Overleaf, Overleaf, Overleaf, yeah.
(PERSONm): At the [ORGANIZATION5] congress, this is actually something, which was fairly named today, but it should be at all the [ORGANIZATION7] events and these should include eh everyone eh, because everyone will be a eh, like eh at eh like everyone should be available for the [ORGANIZATION5] congress, and also for the other  for the other events.
[PERSON1]: Em, the thing we pay attention here is that there is a kind of a ehh ehh <unintelligible> so not all is the deliverable ones and we had to find a prototype a couple of months before the end of the project to allow the integration of it as well.
(PERSON1): Well, I'm not a hundred percent sure like eh whether all the prototypes should be deliverables, we just promised to deliver systems that <unintelligible> be ready for em starting the integration thing, that was mentioned some months, six was mentioned somewhere, eh, but maybe that shouldn't be a deliverable (for) <unintelligible> the prototypes, so I don't know all <unintelligible> and other work.
(PERSONm): And there g- will be deliverables related to those, and I like the idea of having a few months between the software and the report and the integration, so eh, for the ASR, eh, sorry, for the integration work package, work package number 6, there is also this like compact block of eh, of tasks.
(PERSONm): Eh, so the for for example the minuting integration is definitely something that can start only like in the middle of the project.
