<ehm> Did you see the document Minuting annotation guidelines?
(PERSON6) (One more) thing is – is that they want to make it <ehm> – so that – so we sh- we have to pay for it beginning (till) next month or so.
Because <unintelligible> ([PERSON5] seems that) [ORGANIZATION2] meeting link, it is (obvious) the – like <unrecognisable_speech> (PERSON6) <ehm> We have (the paid) version of [ORGANIZATION2] for our faculty.
<unrecognisable_speech> (PERSON6) You really have to follow if nobody else is – s- needs this hour for their teaching, so it's better to have something outside.
(PERSON5) So [PERSON6], could you – could you respond to <unintelligible>, like if he can (reensolve) [ORGANIZATION2] and (then join), because in [ORGANIZATION2] meet it is really difficult to hear.
So we have transcripts with really bad automatic quality, which I send to the annotator and ask him to correct the data.
I send a big attachement via some server and link to it, and in the attachement of the e-mail i send him the pre-processed automatic speech reconstructed – speech reconstruction transcript.
(PERSON5) Okay, so I would like to ask you now – So, by this original meetings, what <unintelligible> [PERSON5] and [PERSON2] (has) created, so it is just for (reference of the annotators).
<unintelligible> doesn't have the (full) representation as needed yet, but it can be changed to this presentation and it also reflects the essence of the meeting.
so I cannot actually say that they are worse that the min- minutes created by annotators.
It is actually a questions, because there are some drawbacks of those originnal minutes, because <ehm> they do not contain some information or they may contain something that was not discussed during the meeting.
We can put them together with other <ehm> – with transcripts and get more, just get more – (PERSON5) So, not all the meetings has the original minutes, right?
So, you send this (via file sender), and (they) <unintelligible> (you back) the manually corrected ASR?
I want to say that (support) after the team watch them, where from (today look the) <unintelligible>.
<ehm> So I still kind of – so at the moment I do not have any idea hw to technically work with the variant that annotators send the data via (GateHub).
So maybe not today but he still sees the option <ehm> better that this (teams would be created) again, <unrecognisable_speech>.
(PERSON6) Probably (we should) – (PERSON4) So, [PERSON6] – (PERSON6) Not exclude this option for the moment, <ehm> but – (PERSON4) Okay, so, [PERSON6], I – yeah I – so – so this is like you <unrecognisable_speech> to upload the minute <unintelligible> correct, so this is actually a (list) work for us.
(PERSON4) Like if the annotators up- upload the minute themselves, so – (PERSON6) Actually I'm not really fine with that at the moment, because for me – <ehm> I should think it over and I didn't do it yet.
It could be changed, I think it could – so, wh- I and [PERSON5] still thought about this option is not – not because of the present situation.
So at the moment I would prefer to have the contact with annotators, but <ehm> actually I'm really <parallel_talk> Wonderful.
(PERSON6) Aou want me to repeat why you need the alignment?
I – I need the al- I – understood we need the alignment, but <ehm> I was talk <unintelligible>, so we must have a measure or a <unintelligible> by which we can use the alignment to produce something.
(PERSON6) <ehm> <unintelligible>, could I ask you, please, now, if you could write this very question very explicitly somewhere into – into the agenda.
So we as- [PERSON5] has kind of vague idea that it helps and so have I.
And we have the intuition <ehm> based on some experiment- experiments with other data, that it would help.
So I've like – I – I would pick up from this (here), so the thing is that <ehm> meeting or coming up with that measure want to be that much busy.
Okay, so, it – I do see th- this coming within October, that I'll be <unintelligible> measure and that is accepted that, okay?
(PERSON5) First, alignment first, manual evaluation measure – (PERSON6) Okay – (PERSON5) Should be a part of the shared task?
<ehm> Okay, so- suppose they does speak a scenario that we don't come up with a manual evaluation measure, before the shared task, so, what options we have.
And then <ehm> we (reuse) the data and we evaluate the submissions based on automatic measure.
But we add another human evaluation score, that was the point of <ehm> th- that I wrote the protocol, like try to come up with some tips.
So, we need the na- next try human evaluation, (decides) them, we compute them, but we add the number of human evaluation, so that we can <ehm> be sure that we have good  quality.
(PERSON4) <mmhm> No, it's not very subjective, it's like – we I – I think – did you read the document that I wrote?
And they like try to assess different aspects like <unintelligible> reada- readibility, (the quality) etc., and they put scores of that.
And then we (abbregate), we wait this <ehm> – let say this aspects, and we come up with the – with the final score.
And the (liker giving) skills, okay, but still I would believe that it is subjective.
<typing> <unrecognisable_speech> Okay, so, like – Okay, so the thing is that if we don't come up <ehm> with the alignment based manual evaluation <unintelligible>, we will do as the normally the other (energy) task <unintelligible> <ehm> entries, right?
And in this case we follow variant B, and this is using <ehm> human evaluation like readibility and so on, not using the alignment.
And then maybe we would also like do some research on this and we come with some (beautiful) matrix, and then maybe the second <ehm> – you know the second event <unintelligible> we can come up with this <ehm> new <unintelligible> – new techniques that we want to do.
And we – if we like say that we are going to human evaluation using the <ehm> like pst- like the reading skill or how they <unintelligible>, (no one we yuestion)?
If varian A doesn't become clear to us before the proposal submission deadline, we move in variant B.
(PERSON5) <mmhm> (PERSON6) So this – my – my point of how to create basic samples should be discussed with [PERSON1] before we <ehm> go on.
(PERSON4) So this is – I think this is the <ehm> – so it's almost like I said, but you can – I said to remove the meta-data, you can put them with <ehm> – with a (label) in your <unintelligible> brackets – (PERSON6) Yes, meta-data and dashes, dashes is important.
(PERSON4) So it's – it's almost the same, so the format is stable <unintelligible> – (PERSON6) Yes, this is – Well, I think I will have to discuss it with you before I begin once more about some details.
But we are kind of centralizing it and we're making server as one of (mocking) versions of GateHub repository, so who is doig all of that?
(PERSON6) Somebody – so – and if I – (PERSON4) Yes, so you create the (file) – you create the (file) the document that – internal – that you have access to, or even a notebook let say, a paper notebook, and you have to keep the – the names of this collaborators or annotators, their full names – (PERSON6) Yes, this is clear.
(PERSON4) <unintelligible> record of this list when you name the folders with their (collaborators).
Because <ehm> I'm not able at the moment, I'm not sure if I can be – if I can make <unintelligible> but I – at the moment it is very complicated for me to anonymise <ehm> all of the files to – so to name general names.
So it may – it should not be the name of the annotator, but it should be some ID that I can <ehm> dete- that I can determine where to put it.
(PERSON4) Yes, I told you, annot01 is like – (PERSON6) Yes, yes, in this case it is a <unintelligible>, so nw my task is to rename the files.
