Project updates
Date: January 2021  
Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON2], [PERSON3], [PERSON4], [PERSON5]
Purpose of meeting: discussing various updates: [PROJECT3], [PROJECT2]

- General updates for [PROJECT3].
-- Postponed by a month to 26 February.
-- If [PERSON2] or anyone else could help [PERSON3], get in touch with him.
--- [PERSON2] is very busy right now (exam period), in a month he will have more time.
-- [PROJECT3] will have two parts: one online, pre-recorded, the second one will be a real live discussion taking place in the [PROJECT3]. 
-- [PERSON1] is going tomorrow to the [PROJECT3] for a technical meeting.
--- [PERSON5] is a back up person. 

- General updates for the [PROJECT2] event.
-- In need of somebody to take care of the recording. 
-- Likely that we will get some dictionary. 
-- It is in Czech.

- Ladder climbing: to do for [PERSON3].
-- This is the most urgent thing right now.
-- Clean up the evaluations.
-- Use simple auto-generated HTML tables. 
-- Create a conversion from the tables into HTML. 
-- Put the results regularly to [PERSON3]'s webpage / [ORGANIZATION8].
--- Useful for people outside [ORGANIZATION3] so that they can browse it.

- [PERSON1]'s updates.
-- Currently working on updating the demo paper submission and some project reports.
-- Also busy with minuting. 
-- Reminds everybody to work continuously over several weeks, not just before the deadline evaluation takes time.
-- With the subtitler study paper, we are aiming for the [ORGANIZATION13] deadline.

- [PERSON3]'s updates. 
-- He finished the deliverables. 
-- We have a statistic to represent the numbers. 
-- [PERSON3] thinks we should also add a statistic to represent language pairs (English > German or vice versa)
-- Original plan was to get an idea about the word ration of the two languages for a given transcript.
-- Add other complementary metrics.
--- Profanity filtering evaluation: create a list of words which must not appear in output.
--- Rare words evaluation: create a list of words which we want to appear in output. 
-- This involves manual preparation of the reference.
-- [PERSON12] has compiled a translation dictionary and will share it soon, might be helpful. 
-- [PERSON3] will have a call with [PERSON7] and then take a look at the lists.
-- [PERSON3] should also create delay scores from some files from [PROJECT1] test set.

- [PERSON4]'s updates.
-- Currently working on [PROJECT4], managed to compile it.
-- Now he is training the model on common voice. 
-- Rethinking the data set he will use for the experiment, maybe use [ORGANIZATION9] or [ORGANIZATION10].
--- [PERSON1] says to definitely use more data sets, common voice alone would be too small.
--- Waiting for a reply from [ORGANIZATION4] about the data sets.
-- [PERSON4] is the one at [ORGANIZATION3] who is training the [PROJECT5] system.
--- [PERSON2], [PERSON4] and [PERSON7] will have a call to discuss further.
---- [PERSON8] will be a replacement for [PERSON7], include him in the call too.

- [PERSON5]'s updates.
-- Released the [PROJECT9] corpus to [PERSON9]. 
-- Trained speech language identification: Czech, German, English. 
-- Discussing [PROJECT5] system details. 
--- [PERSON1]: we should have multilingual [PROJECT10] models and multilingual [PROJECT5] / multiple [PROJECT5] feeding into the same multilingual [PROJECT10]. 
---- Might lead to bad quality. 


Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR17]