[PROJECT6] meeting, 2020-07-13

Participants of the meeting: [PERSON9], [PERSON19], [PERSON6], [PERSON21], [PERSON2]

It was discussed at the meeting:

- [PERSON9] finished second article in the journal
- [PERSON19] still need to write introduction and morfology and some other small things
- mostly [PERSON19]´s part is ready and everyone can read it and comment on it
- in the book it´s better to say we and add the reference
- section about neural language models should be merged to the previous chapture or deleted
- [PERSON6] needs to write the probing and other unsupervised methods
- [PERSON2] explained [PERSON6] what he wanted to say in his comments
- the next meeting is planned on 21th July
- it´s necessary to start thinking about revieweres

The minutes was written by: [ANNOTATOR1]
