[PROJECT3] meeting - [PROJECT2]
Date: 31.08. 2020
Attandees: [PERSON4], [PERSON2], [PERSON1], [PERSON9], [PERSON6]
Purpose of meeting: Discussing updates on [PROJECT2], [PROJECT6] and [PROJECT5] .

-Objectives of the meeting.
--Organizational things, upcoming meetings and discussing paperwork with a new co-worker.
--Progress on [PROJECT6].
--Update on [PROJECT2].
--Discussing [PROJECT5].

-Organizational things.
--There will be a call on Thursday at 5 pm CET (03.09.2020).
--The call is with the other project partners and it's usually held every month.
--[PERSON2] and [PERSON9] will attend the call, also it would be great if [PERSON4] joined just to get more insight into the project itself.
--Add [PERSON4] to mail list.

-Discussing paperwork and details with a new co-worker.
--It is needed for [PERSON4] to come to [LOCATION1] and enter a proper work contract.
--Hosting agreement and other paperwork is being prepared.
--Regarding the duration of the stay, mainly he needs to come because of the paperwork
and then he can return home and work remotely, but it would be welcomed if he stayed.
--The letter that has to be shown to the [ORGANIZATION3] in [LOCATION2],
when applying for a visa, hasn't been delivered.
--The[ORGANIZATION3] is closed at the moment, so he can't apply at the moment.
--The paperwork will come from [PERSON10], so he should check the status of it with her.
--And as soon as possible apply for the visa.

-Progress on [PROJECT6].
--Updates on[ORGANIZATION4],  after being nudged [PERSON5] is finishing the testing.
--[PERSON1] resolved issues that [PERSON5] came across.
--[PERSON5] was contacted again on Friday but haven't replied since,
again the same situation, it's not known whether they started or not.
--The communication is not very ideal and they will mention it on the Thursday call.
--The main problem is that he mentions new and new issues.
--There is also an objective problem with quality estimation.
--The certificate on the server, which is used for decorative submission
just expired but it was transfixed.
--[PERSON5] is preparing the leaflets that will be handed out to the participants.
--Hopefully next year a paper will be published.

-[PROJECT2].
--The back translation has begun.
--There are already 4O parts/jobs running on the cluster, but they're set as low priority
and can be skipped if it's necessary.
--Every part takes about two hours.
--There are no issues, they just have to discuss what's the next step.
--The translations may also run on CPUs because many CPUs are not used at the moment,  so just to make it quicker.

-Updates on {PROJECT25].
--Taking inspiration from someone's paper where they were training a model to the metric evaluation.
--Being a bit sceptical to machine-learned evaluation methods,
whether it can be used for the evaluation itself as
it might be sensitive to domain shift, etc.
--It could be implemented in the pipeline.
--The metric is semantically sensitive, so for example
it could be used for paraphrasing to estimate semantic similarities.
--Discussing that if they take the pre-trained model and fine-tune it during
training it could be used for distinguishing.
--With this, the semantic similarity could be guaranteed, which is something that older metric
doesn't capture, because it's only using the surface forms for the evaluation.
--The idea is the possibility to add as many constraints as they want
and see how many can be added until it starts to make no sense.
--This is what they will focus on at the moment until there are new alternatives.
--Later the metric can be useful during some fine-tuning or development phases,
but that will be discussed later.
--Next week a meeting for this task will be arranged together with [PERSON6],
so he can share his opinion on this matter.
--It seems to be a good approach to the task, depending on the time consumption
and how it will develop another or additional research direction can be added.

Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR2]
