So you have to unute unmute yourself, but I can see that you have joined.
(PERSON2) No, I haven't done any steps and decisions,
I thought sort of you'd ask with doing it-
(PERSON3) Yeah.
So they organizing a panel, so we shouldn't do that I guess.
(PERSON2) And then they always have 2 time slots for the presentation of the papers.
So expect that at the boundary of July and August, there would be some paper with necessary on your side
and especially in your respective financial departments.
(PERSON3) So that we know, that we understand the tables the same way.
(PERSON3) Either, yes, either you, or I thought that it could even be [ORGANIZATION10].
(PERSON12) Sorry, may may I say something about it? So the uh, I remember, that someone told me that if we simply put the papers into our Biblio,
which is our bibliographical system, then it will get there somehow.
So we'll we'll check the open air uh, thing
and we'll check how the the uses that um-
It's possible, I remember that in the past projects, such as in <unintelligible>,
you've asked us for Bibtech entries uh, of the papers.
Um, yeah so well,
<laugh>
if I'm not have to be familiar with with that -
(PERSON3) Yes.
These are milestone for the events, which were postponed.
What exactly should we should we do for an event, which has a milestone,
but the event has not taken uh, place.
And since you have so much time ahead,
maybe you can consider planning at a visit to [LOCATION1].
Yeah, so that's-
Uh, if if we send uh, [PERSON6] the options uh, very early next week,
then uh, the choices validate from uh, the uh, 2nd half of June would make sense.
So the demo will tentatively take place in in on 1 of the days um, uh, of the  uh, in the 2nd half of June.
(PERSON16) Because actually, I I have to ask before, but <laugh> our virtual machine, you know, with the-
(PERSON3) With the GPU, yeah.
So the performance can be immediately killed by introducing a better segmenter,
uh, w- the caching  of which is not in perfect line with caching of of the machine translation system.
(PERSON19) Really, you're asking for a staging in a production and development-
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON3) Uh, so um, and at the same time  uh, we we want to test the uh, the uh, components uh, better components
because I know, that [PERSON14] had something which could be very uh, very promising for the ASR, right? Could you have some?-
(PERSON17) But you mean <unintelligible>-
(PERSON3) So I thought -
So you've mentioned uh, the that your submission to IWSLT, or paper uh, paper to IWSLT.
(PERSON17) I I hope, we didn't that say 1 year update at the SLT.
(PERSON17) I have not compared it -
(PERSON3) Um-hum.
(PERSON3) And the current model, that you have -
(PERSON17) I don't know, if it is better.
So uh, please, let me know if you if you are opposed to this approach,
but I think it's uh, it's better for everybody to to know, what is the-
This is <unintelligible> benchmark, how far can we get.
(PERSON19) <other_speech_unrecognizable>
(PERSON2) What that -
(PERSON19) Yeah.
(PERSON2) What that we can <unintelligible> actually.
(PERSON19) The universities I shouldn't I imagine, there's not a problem
because universities begin after <unintelligible>, but I'm not sure.
This is too soon and ask uh, before June 15th.
Uh, and uh, we will also try to uh, include in this video uh, a demo of the of the system as it is,
uh, live uh, subtitling some of the videos, that w- are planned for demo, for the p- for the project officer anyway.