Project updates 
Date: January 2021   
Attendees: Ondřej Bojar, Sangeet Sagar, Rishu Kumar, Peter, Dominik, Ebrahim, Vojtěch, Muhammad
Purpose of meeting: discussing various updates: ELITR demo paper, evaluations, experiments, SLTV
 
- General updates.
-- Yesterday the session was disastrous: bad recognition and slow.
--- Ondřej asked Rishu and Sangeet to debug, also get in touch with Lee about it.
--- The slowness happened because Rishu wasn't connected into one of the machines. But this has no influence on recognition quality.
-- Sangeet added some files to ELITR test set.
--- Rishu was asked to evaluate them: priority!

- Rishu's updates. 
-- Had a call with Omar yesterday.
-- Right now working on solving the problem of files that were too big to get uploaded to GitHub.
--- Maybe will upload them as a link only.
-- Haven't heard from Phil if UEDIN server is up again or not. 
-- Ondřej reminds Rishu to be in touch with Phil also about the extended set of target languages. 
-- Rishu is also in touch with Vicki about the text files.
--- Vicki has set up Kaldi by now. 
---- Ondřej says that we primarily need Vicki to collect the domain specific text data. 
---- Ondřej clarifies that we are not interested in the Malach Archive (interview with survivors of WW II), but in the historians' analyses and presentations. 
---- For the data, Vicki should scan in breadth, rather than in depth.
---- People who have experience with Kaldi should work with it instead of Vicki. 
---- But Kaldi is definitely useful in the long term.

- Ondřej's updates.
-- Struggling with EECL demo papers, due tomorrow. 

- ELITR demo paper.
-- Dominik should revise the ELITR demo paper and look at the reviews.
--- The reviews are not that positive: they don't like the paper, it has 'little impact'. 

- The experiments.
-- ASR quality is very bad for all remotely handled sessions, especially if people wear face masks. 
-- Ideas for improvement.
--- Pass training data through Zoom in an automated way so that the data gets distorted.
--- Use a frequency filter to cut down on the high frequencies (this mimics what face masks do). 
--- Then it will be retrained by us or Karlsruhe (their system is online & fully integrated).
-- Ondřej will do that (Rishu offered, but the priority for him is to work on evaluations). 

- Dominik's updates.
-- Working on data preparation of ESIC corpus. 
-- Running the first alignments.
-- Will rerun the alignments of source and targets of the interpreters and analyze them.
-- Will write a paper with David, who is currently busy with exams. 

- To do for Vojtěch.
-- Get in touch with Peter and process all the training data.
--- We need English on 25/1, Czech later: in February.

- Vojtěch's updates.
-- Vojtěch summarizes the process of preparing pipeline / pipeline configuration tool. 
--- For every event, the pipeline is made a different way.
--- Pipeline consists of ASR, MT and online subtitles. 
--- Vojtěch is writing a tool that will allow an operator to define all the components of a pipeline and how they are connected.
--- Ondřej suggested one more compilation target: probing if the pipeline components are up and running ('a test of availability', 'live debugging').
---- Vojtěch will do that. 
-- Next Friday a Malach conference, we will provide life subtitles and transcription.
--- We will need to get feedback about what's (not) working.
---- Vojtěch to get in touch with Tea about that.

- Peter's updates. 
-- Currently aligning the training data, building a more robust ASR.
-- Struggling to optimize the pipeline. 
-- Peter should talk to Ivana about her Gauch tool and how they will be paid.

- Ondřej discussing alignment issues in German/English in SLTV with Ebrahim and Muhammad. 
-- Ebrahim will check and correct the progressive maximum, increase the numbers.
-- Ondřej discovered a mistake in the segmentation strategies: they are not proportional.
--- Ebrahim will double check.
-- Ondřej will give access to Muhammad's GitHub account to the ELITR test set.

Minutes submitted by: DANA OCELIK