(PERSON2) Yeah, I was just going to message him that <unintelligible> are we meeting today or not?
(PERSON3)  So the thing is that we are not going for special sessions, right?
And uh, the results are the following: that their are papers for for special sessions, uh, should fill the same criteria as all other papers and the same timelines.
Uh, you should do what you want just coordinate it with something like <unintelligible> two more higher.
Un, ah, ah important bit is that uh, the uh, the articles are not in the proceedings of
But, uh, like this gives us much more flexibility and freedom to choose our event, or also like accept papers.
Ah, but the thing is that we have to do much like almost double work with this.
(PERSON2) So that means it is going to be,uh, like we are going to, uh, handle the track alone, right, is it?
If we do not get in [ORGANIZATION5] like, do we have some other option as well after [ORGANIZATION5] (PERSON3) We have to go on trying, we have to go for [ORGANIZATION10].
But I 'm strongly feeling from, uh, like whatever [PERSON4] said that our, uh, work is not exactly in the domain of speech, it is [PROJECT1].
But the thing is that the proposal for a [ORGANIZATION16] workshop this year is over.
And the next proposal would come for 2022 would, which would be too late for us.
Uh, like, uh, it's better that if we get either of the two, um, [ORGANIZATION5] or [ORGANIZATION4].
(PERSON3) The only the only <unintelligible> that I'm finding now is, going with [ORGANIZATION4] is like they will not allow us a space in the proceedings, which may, uh, deter some of the participants.
Like, um, like, I am not sure that how much, how much they will be excited to publish a paper in [PROJECT2] or [ORGANIZATION9] is a big no.
So they are supposed suppose during this three months to, uh, write a program.
Uh, if you are if your proposal is accepted for a workshop, uh, then we have much more independence than special session.
If we have to prepare, like, in three months, like, like all the, if you are just emailing all the participants to take part into it.
<parallel_speech> They are supposed to prepare <unintelligible> <\parallel_speech (PERSON3) Yes, I think, like, in three months our data will be prepared.
Like the proposal submission, the last date of submission, submitting the proposal is February twenty eight.
And before that, we have to get an ISC endorsement that the speech community is endorsing our proposals.
So by March fifteen, we know that whether we are, we are accepted in [ORGANIZATION4] workshops.
And then we have to like, write our call for proposals and stuff.
But before submitting the proposal, uh, we have to get everything ready, like the website uh our program committee, key notes, the program, everything.
And then only, uh, we have to make a full fledged, uh, proposal for like workshop program and then submit.
(PERSON2) So so but when is, when is the date, uh, for submitting the full papers to participants.
Because, uh, since it would be entirely on to us, we don't need twelve submission.
For like, for um like, for all of us, to submit to the [ORGANIZATION12] workshop administration portal.
(PERSON3) Okay, no, I'm just asking, suppose [PERSON1] where, we have to pay some fees somewhere for our workshop.
So do you want to discuss about the proposal content for the workshop now or?
(PERSON3) Okay, so let me prepare this as part of the content that is required.
I have to study some, uh, other satellite events that I got accepted to an [ORGANIZATION4] last year.
And the, uh, the additional thing we have to have to do [ORGANIZATION13] management, uh and um, [ORGANIZATION13] management and especially we have to invite the program committee now.
(PERSON3) And and, uh, another thing, uh, [PERSON1] so ,uh, can you tell us a bit more about [ORGANIZATION8]?
(PERSON3) So do you think that like, uh, the participants would be interested, uh, for a publication in this, in this journal?
So if he is aware of this, then I think he can be interested in.
So I think, uh, this would be easy for us, like if we have to do [ORGANIZATION8].
Because, you know, like, uh, to a new person, um, they would probably go for where it is indexed.
So one good thing for, uh, going for <unintelligible> and would be,  uh, if we go for <unintelligible> , uh, the proceedings would be indexed with [ORGANIZATION6] anthology.
(PERSON3) But I don't see any kind of like proceedings in this journal.
But I think if we are to do it [PERSON4] will take care of that.
(PERSON3) Yes, he says, that either either we can go for [ORGANIZATION9] or we can go for [ORGANIZATION8].
And, uh, it is uh indexed by <unintelligible> Directly <unintelligible> (PERSON3) Mhm, okay, uh, you checked it?
(PERSON2) That can be one, uh, positive point about it that it is open access.
Um, but I have to ask like we can, uh, uh, we can also do it as part of the <unintelligible> forum.
So we have to revise this and list down the thing that we need to do for, uh, the satellite event.
Uh, maybe by tomorrow, I can come up with something that what are the additional works, we need to do.
Uh, I am sorry that I can't help you on this stage so I really, I have been-.
I will be glad to read the proposal and to, uh, to write some chapters to the proposal, so-.
The only thing is, we have to do double work, ah, that is the thing.
