Minutes
 
Tue Apr 3 (a small call [ORGANIZATION8]-[ORGANIZATION7]-[ORGANIZATION3]-[ORGANIZATION6]):
• News:
o any news on [ORGANIZATION7] status (zero-cost linked third party?)
• Can we split the budget allocation for [ORGANIZATION7] among others?
o [ORGANIZATION1] prefer to remove speech-to-speech, they are comfortable with subtitles only; [PERSON4] thinks this is OK.
• Tasks and deliverables related to [ORGANIZATION5] Congress and other [ORGANIZATION7] events
o WP6 Integration has a task to cover [ORGANIZATION5] Congress
• extend it also to other [ORGANIZATION7] events (afterwards)
• or create separate tasks?
• does not need [ORGANIZATION1]
• WP7 Dissemination has to clearly correspond to WP6 Integration
• Integration is for running the service
• Dissemination is for advertising it
• should include [ORGANIZATION1]
• Budget for ASR feasibility
o [OTHER4]:
• How much PMs (separately for annotation and development) does [OTHER4] need?
• How do we justify these planned costs in the proposal?
• Can [ORGANIZATION7] say they need it for something specific?
o We need to populate this:
• [URL1]
• How many hours of recordings for speaker adaptation to plan for [OTHER2] respeakers and for standard interpreters?
• How many hours of respeakers’ attendance to [ORGANIZATION7] events?
• Missing text parts

