(PERSON2) Yeah, I was just going to message him that <unintelligible> are we meeting today or not?
(PERSON1) Uh-huh that Czech text you mean.
And, um, thank you for the email, uh, we had a te-, tech- a technical communication meeting.
And uh, the results are the following: that their are papers for for special sessions, uh, should fill the same criteria as all other papers and the same timelines.
But, uh, like this gives us much more flexibility and freedom to choose our event, or also like accept papers.
Ah, but the thing is that we have to do much like almost double work with this.
So program committee, key note speakers everything we have to choose, okay?
(PERSON3) Yeah, um, we don't have any option right now.
Ah, [ORGANIZATION10] spoken language technology workshop.
(PERSON3) The only the only <unintelligible> that I'm finding now is, going with [ORGANIZATION4] is like they will not allow us a space in the proceedings, which may, uh, deter some of the participants.
Like, um, like, I am not sure that how much, how much they will be excited to publish a paper in [PROJECT2] or [ORGANIZATION9] is a big no.
So how to motivate, uh, participants to join our shared task.
So this was the reason that I especially, uh, vouched for the special session.
The like, uh, time periods between proposals, submission and your, uh, final paper submission was five months.
(PERSON1) If we made this kind of workshop, the satellite.
During these three months, there plus a separate paper on the topic.
So it is entirely up to us then, wha- when to float the deadline.
(PERSON2) Ah, one more thing, uh, which is coming to my mind is.
If we have to prepare, like, in three months, like, like all the, if you are just emailing all the participants to take part into it.
So by March fifteen, we know that whether we are, we are accepted in [ORGANIZATION4] workshops.
But before submitting the proposal, uh, we have to get everything ready, like the website uh our program committee, key notes, the program, everything.
(PERSON2) So so but when is, when is the date, uh, for submitting the full papers to participants.
No, for the satellite event it is February twenty eight.
(PERSON2) <laugh> (PERSON3) Yeah, see, eventually it will be online.
Because, uh, since it would be entirely on to us, we don't need twelve submission.
(PERSON3) Yes, yeah, but it, but it means double work.
(PERSON3) I talked to him, and there was some things <unintelligible>, <laugh>.
For like, for um like, for all of us, to submit to the [ORGANIZATION12] workshop administration portal.
(PERSON3) Okay, no, I'm just asking, suppose [PERSON1] where, we have to pay some fees somewhere for our workshop.
So we have to pay two forty Euros for institutional membership, maybe.
(PERSON3) Okay, so let me prepare this as part of the content that is required.
I have to study some, uh, other satellite events that I got accepted to an [ORGANIZATION4] last year.
And the, uh, the additional thing we have to have to do [ORGANIZATION13] management, uh and um, [ORGANIZATION13] management and especially we have to invite the program committee now.
And to make a website for our propo-, uh, for our shared task.
But ,uh, I didn't make a  a reche-, a research about ,um-, what is-.
Um, like all the statistical machine translation, all the paper.
(PERSON2) I think editorial board members are really, uh, interesting to see.
They have mentioned that machine translation corpus linguist [PERSON7] morphology, syntax and semantics is what-.
(PERSON1) This is a little less work and intent and more intensive output.
(PERSON3) But I don't see any kind of like proceedings in this journal.
(PERSON2) So I think, uh, [ORGANIZATION8] is very famous to the entire machine translation community at least.
(PERSON2) Yeah, so ,uh, not aware of the other summarisation and all people.
<uninteligible> Like applied science and something there are after a certain there is specific something.
(PERSON2) The quality of paper is very good, which I've have read.
(PERSON2) That can be one, uh, positive point about it that it is open access.
Oh, so <unintelligible> forum has  a very big visibility among the IRN and [PROJECT1] community.
So we have to revise this and list down the thing that we need to do for, uh, the satellite event.
Uh, maybe by tomorrow, I can come up with something that what are the additional works, we need to do.
Uh, I am sorry that I can't help you on this stage so I really, I have been-.
(PERSON1) I will - I would be really glat to help in some contextual things I will really-.
