MEETING MINUTES
Organisation: [ORGANIZATION1], [ORGANIZATION2], [ORGANIZATION3]
Meeting Name: [PROJECT1] SurgeTech
Meeting Date: 07.01.2021
Meeting Topic:  Catch-up, workload distribution and upcoming sessions preparation ([PROJECT2], [PROJECT3])
Meeting Participants: [PERSON2], [PERSON4], [PERSON1], [PERSON3], [PERSON5]
Upcoming sessions:
[PROJECT2] Event
•	Spoken in Czech language
•	Archiver person required to record the session
•	Documents being gathered.
•	[PROJECT4] is model set-up needed. Model to be trained on common voice biased towards non-native speakers and multiple data sets.
[PROJECT3] 
•	Two part event comprising of pre-recorded session interleaved with direct live recording.
•	Session postponed till February 26th.
•	Technical meeting on site to be held at the venue. Back-up person required to handle the set-up if necessary.
•	Documents being gathered.
For both sessions system should be selected on informed choice and performance numbers, not only on current availability.
[PROJECT1] Ladder Climbing 
•	Suggestion for tables to be made as simple HTML format as easiest solution, although difficulties with HTML may arise in performance difference assessment comparison in every new evaluation campaign.
•	Conversion similar to Tech should be created for [PROJECT1] as well.
•	Results to regularly stored on the web, in user friendly and immediately accessible fashion.
•	Demo paper submission due on Friday 15th January.
•	Automated minuting tool time is in time intensive stage.
[PROJECT1] Deliverables D 1.5 and D 6.3
•	Statistics about transcript is a good metric to represent numbers but lacking language pair representation. Complementary metrics are required.
•	Ratio of two languages would be helpful.
•	Arrange modification of [PROJECT5] input through filtering such as profanity elimination.
•	Rare words evaluation. Explicit list of names and terms required in the output.
•	Manual preparation of reference lists is required. Ready for [PROJECT2] event but to be done for [PROJECT8] domain. Positive and negative lists to be extracted.
•	Segmenter needs improvement in order to increase evaluation scores.
•	[PROJECT6] style evaluation is missing. To be discussed with partners on Wednesday 13th January. Delay scores calculated on [PROJECT1] Dev set to be presented.
[PROJECT7] Tool
•	Filters tor [PROJECT5]s to be applied from multiple sources to multiple outputs.
•	To decide if English will be used as reference language not (pivoted or direct set up). [ORGANIZATION7] and [ORGANIZATION6] articles to be explored.

General points:
•	Call for additional time resources allocation to the project.
•	Information from former team members ([PERSON6], [PERSON7]) to be passed on and retained within the team for future application.
•	Implementation of speech language identification completed - model working for Czech, English and German.  Implemented as audio to text worker emitting time stamps. To be passed to several team members for further languages training.
•	Subtitler study paper aiming for end of January deadline.
•	Book release planned for the mid-year.
•	Next meeting due on Thursday 14th January.

Minutes submitted by: ANNOTATOR 13
