ELITR SurgeTech
Date: May 11, 2020
Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON2], [PERSON3], [PERSON4], [PERSON5], [PERSON6],[PERSON7], [PERSON8], [PERSON9]
Purpose of meeting: Synchronizing the group, checking the progress of work

-Introduction.
--Explaining delay.
--Presenting the goal of the call which is to synchronize the group and check the progress of work.
--Remarks regarding recording were made.
--Warning about [ORGANIZATION3] conference- it will be an important test event and it is necessary to get ready for it.

-[PERSON4] presentation as he was the most remote for a while.
--First thing he has been working on is paraphrasing.
---He was collecting the monolingual data using [ORGANIZATION4].
----It has some limitations.
--[ORGANIZATION5] was discussed.
--[ORGANIZATION6] releases some data which could be used for the trained models.
--The monolingual data for domain adaptation are needed.

-Testing evaluation using [PROJECT1] test set and [PROJECT4].
--Who is now responsible for the ELITR test set?

-The status of [PROJECT4] [PROJECT1] test set.
--The [PROJECT4] is completely finished.
---It should be the standard evaluation tool, not just for the [PROJECT1]project, but also for others doing a spoken language translation.
---Everybody who is evaluating something should get in touch with [PERSON6] to find a way in which this tool will work for all of them.
---Everybody evaluating any systems should make sure to evaluate them using [PROJECT4] on [PROJECT1] test set.

-Planning the meeting of two participants of the call.

-[PERSON5] is lost due to lectures.
--He should contact [PERSON9].

-Censorship component was discussed.
--It should be one part of the pipeline after the [PROJECT5].
--The goal of this censorship tool is to allow to immediately hide the outputs and then show them again.
--[PERSON14], [PERSON5], [PERSON9] AND [PERSON7]should have separate call.

-[PERSON8] work was discussed.
--He has worked on multi-target machine translation for his master thesis.
--His task was so far to generate synthetic multi-source train set, but he does not have the cluster access.

-[PERSON2] work was discussed- the data augmentation.

-Recommendation for all was made-first try everything on small data set.

-[PERSON2] and [PERSON7] discussing chopped data.
--[ORGANIZATION13] Common voice is used.
--Can data from [ORGANIZATION14] challenge be used?







Minutes submitted by Dagmar Kleinová











