 (PERSON1) And, uh, uh, then I I'm really worried about [PERSON5] if he can actually help us or not.
And now after this Christmas holiday, during the holidays I didn't address him but now I see that he is not going to finish it because he stopped.
And, then, um, uh, get in touch with [PERSON5] and double check that he would be able, uh, to do the processing, uh,  also at the token level.
And, uh, we need to do the second round for many of the words, uh, the annotators- (PERSON2) Uh, um, we can write it to the agenda if we can find it.
This is in full documents if, uh, that particular instance is an NE is not ,uh,  an NE, and then insert token level annotations again into the same xml [PROJECT2] documents.
Uh, not processed at token level yet, and then, uh, marked as an E at token level, right? (PERSON2) This is copy, because [PERSON5] has made the annotations to the same file.
(PERSON2) He, he asked me to make a copy of his document not to delete the lists so so-.
Um, uh, so that's why I suggested to proceed at the two levels, first at the word type level, and then at the word token level.
(PERSON1) Uh, like then, uh, creating such a list again, uh, it is very easy.
 (PERSON2) I'm getting into the list so [ORGANIZATION4] once written with M once written with N, once written with MN and so on.
(PERSON1)  Uh, the, uh, the, student, uh, Martin, uh, Mare≈°.
So, if you have World War II, you, you, you will have three words and and, well-.
(PERSON1) And what is an unresolved problem as the identity of NEs, um, preservation and now well-.
(PERSON1) Yes, if the labels are  A, B, C, that is what you said.
And I'm happy to do errors in the second part, but I would be very unhappy to do errors in the first part.
Yes, so get in touch with [PERSON5] and check if this is what was discussed with him.
And in that case, that probably falls on [PERSON3] for the programmer parts, I'm I'm afraid.
If I could lock myself in a sanctuary for a week, then I think I will have anonymised the corpus myself.
(PERSON3) Yeah, I think I think like I'm not, uh, like certain minutings are still not clear to me.
(PERSON1) So what I'm thinking of is, for example, for the token level annotation.
(PERSON2) Well, [PERSON7] is working on our de-identification from the beginning of January or? (PERSON2)  So she has to say, if we have to delete also the names of languages.
And then, the other thing that [PERSON2] needs to discuss with [PERSON7], uh, is the consent forms.
And the second one is we are getting the permission to publish the data in the the de-identified form.
So I would now, with [PERSON7], I would focus on the second form which is the consent to publish the data.
So they need to have a place where they would record, uh, these, uh, extra observations.
(PERSON3) Okay.
(PERSON3) Yes, so I think uh what you are suggesting [PERSON1] is like  instead of the master sheet, we could- Yeah, so the data de-identification consent from their end should be done by, uh, February end.
So if we are able to have the data for them by mid February, then I would agree with you.
I think that we will have the data at the end of February, and they should then do the consent.
(PERSON3) So, um, it is not finalised, as I have just put the names.
(PERSON1) Yeah, that's, uh, we really have to do it, uh, today, right? (PERSON3) No, I I I would propose that we submit the proposal within the January seventh or eight.
From [ORGANIZATION10] I don't expect anyone to be in any good position for, uh, serving on this.
For example.
(PERSON1) So, obviously we have to ask the old dinosaur well, not dinosaur, but the experienced people from the 2006, or what was that instance, the the AMI corpus? And then, uh, I would ask Ian  if he would either himself be, uh, like agree or have someone else to to suggest.
And [PERSON2] will hopefully get some response from both, [PERSON7] and [PERSON5].
Please [PERSON1], [PERSON1], could you please i will send yu the three prepared letters.