[PROJECT1] Surge meeting
Thu Feb 6, 13.00
- Please fill your regular availability:
--  [URL]
--   (remember, the early days are no longer used, the full week Mon-Fri is what we are looking at)
-  Can someone try installing: [URL]
--   This would allow us to easily collect an subtitle our videos, even when they are not on youtube.
-  WANTED topics to choose:
--   Gazeteer collection
--   Gazeteer use in the model preparations (via [PERSON11]?)
--   “[PERSON5]->[PERSON11]” regular data flow
--   “[PERSON11]->[PERSON3]” regular data flow
-  [PERSON11]
--   was busy with exams, the last to take tomorrow
--   has a collection of scripts, now to merge them to a single one
--   creates a list of unknown words based on a directory related documents
--   [PERSON1] reminds that this conversion must be idempotent, i.e. to gracefully process an unchanged directory repeatedly and to gracefully process any new files which may had appeared in the directory
--   [PERSON1] expressed the additional requirement to have two layers/versions of the interface: a green one for publicly shareable content and a red one for confidential content
--   [PERSON11] will be available for [PERSON3] to discuss the “[PERSON11]->[PERSON3] regular data flow”in 1 or 2 weeks
-  [PERSON2]
--   Websocket, socketio for online-text-flow
--   [PERSON2] will coordinate the discussion with [PERSON9] on documenting and also functional requirements on presentation platforms ([PERSON1] has [PERSON9]’s PDF, [PERSON2], ask for it if you don’t have it)
-  [PERSON4]
--   Starting to train MT on incomplete sentences
--   to learn from [PERSON8] how to use SLTev
-  [PERSON8]
--   collecting data for SLTev testing
-  [PERSON3]
--   busy with running ASR for various older talks
--   now will work on the evaluation of our pipelines with SLTev

