[PROJECT1] meeting 06.02.2020
Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON11], [PERSON2], [PERSON4], B, C
Purpose of meeting: Current status of adaptation data collection interface

Summary
• four file format conversion (policy about file naming)
• need of commucation protocol - > help to integrate
• talk adaptations automated as much as possible
• [PERSON2] is trying to make webster kit connection working
• [PERSON4] is working on multi-source speech consilation
• fixed tool (capitalizating first letter for proper nouns)
• have separate account with docker support
• how to increase the recall for the stop and periods
	Milestones
	• structure of talks (03/2020)
	• prepare data for IWSLT


Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
