[PROJECT1], Horizon 2020 programme
2020/06/21
08:03 - 09:25

• Attendees: [PERSON7], [PERSON8], [PERSON2], [PERSON22], [PERSON17], [PERSON1], [PERSON6]
• Purpose of meeting: to discuss items from the [ORGANIZATION4] sheet
o to get everything running on the full workload (all the target languages in the presentation platform) to have more inter-channels
o to work with the outputs from the ASR
o to go through the topics in the [PROJECT1] document
o to do the necessary debugging
o to check the fingerprint map
o to test the subtitles during someone’s talk
o to use the bridge selecting different bridge workers 
o to enable all the interpreters to see their subtitles as being recognised – immediate feedback to improve the quality
o to collect some feedback from the participants (Feedback form on [PROJECT1] Subtitling at [PROJECT2])
• regular call – every Friday
• the discussions held over an on-line platform 
• the familiar setup used 
• Workflow:
o still waiting for the confirmation from [ORGANIZATION2] regarding participance of the student of journalism – whether they can enter the building and to record  
o the journalist has to sign the same non-disclosure agreement as the interpreters
o problems with subtitles (one has to run English and German separately, not at once; some segmenters not working)
o [PERSON21] and [PERSON11] did not respond to the e-mail
o a problem regarding storying user data
o it is important to have the metainformation in the presentation platform
o the user interface - make the presentation platform more comfortable for the user
• Plans:
o regular calls – full Wednesday, very likely also Tuesday afternoon
o a working copy will be deployed the next week
o a [ORGANIZATION4] form will be organised – will be content of the video
o possible background images or other material will be found
o [PERSON2] will come in the afternoon, [ORGANIZATION1] will arrive on Wednesday (in the evening) 
[PROJECT1], Horizon 2020 programme
2020/06/21
08:03 - 09:25


