[PROJECT12] meeting, 2020-06-16

Participants of the meeting: [PERSON7], [PERSON1], [PERSON6], [PERSON4], [PERSON3]

It was discussed at the meeting:

- David plan write an email to professor [PERSON9] about publishing the book
- discussed what was written by everybody and what is still missing
- set new deadlines for stopping adding new content, stopping adding comments to others content and for having all recomments at rest or delete it
- set dates for next meetings
- the pictures in the book should be similar and how to do it

The minutes was written by: [ANNOTATOR2]
