[PROJECT3] 
Date: 2019-10-22
Attendees: [PERSON8], [PERSON3], [PERSON5], [PERSON6], [PERSON7], [PERSON7]
Purpouse of meeting: discuss the [PERSON3]'s and [PERSON5]'s research projects

- setting up the meeting call
-- conecting with other two attendees
--try to solve the conection problem

- discussing [PERSON3]'s project
-- describe on what he is working on
-- given an advice what to do for better research, use [PROJECT2], [OTHER5] or [OTHER3]
-- paper is with [OTHER5] and [ORGANIZATION2] research
--they could do tactogrammar and use sentences to test them harder, weider like construction
--another advice to attend the cours at university and use tactogrammatical treebanks anotated on [OTHER2] and [OTHER12]
--probe more semantic dependence relations
--Collaboration with people from [LOCATION3] and still haven't set up the call meeting, but when they agreed about date they will inform him

- discussing [PERSON5]'s project
-- research about syntactic layers, that the first layer looks on the previous layer and next token, which determines the other layers
--dependency trees has determiner modifiers, which looks to neighborhood in variation plus one or minus one
-- It looks like, according to [PERSON7], that almost all of varieties are possible, so he ask about visualization
-- But research is focusing on balustrades heads
-- [PERSON7] comes with another research where they search about simmilar thing, so he comes up with an idea that they can meet in December about deeper discuss
-- [PERSON5]'s next plan is to extract the graf structure about similar and also different syntactic trees

- Agreed on next steps
-- [PERSON3] was added to [OTHER4] group and [PERSON7] will send him links to [OTHER8], where he can downloand treebank
--[PERSON7] want from [PERSON3] his paper, that they can discuss it more deeply
--next meeting will be in 14 days
 

- general discussion about their researches
--both students are working on similar stuff, so maybe they can know more about each other researches
--they was waiting for [PERSON8], who did not apper
--discuss using different program for analysis like [PROJECT2] or [PROJECT4] and also if they can use machine translation

Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
