[PROJECT12] meeting
Date: 16. 06. 2020
Attendees: [PERSON4], [PERSON3], [PERSON6], [PERSON7], [PERSON1]
Purpose of meeting: submitting the book, creating deadlines to finish the project, going over the attendees' parts to determine, what needs to be done in the next two weeks

-Agreement on sending the book to Professor [PERSON9]
--Before submitting, at least the table of contents should be sent to Professor [PERSON9].
--Agreed, that they will send the whole book, after the sections are stabilised in their final form.
--The sectioning should be improved as soon as possible, so the whole book can be send. 
--It is unknown, what the reviewer-searching process will look like.

-Discussing, until when the book should be finished completely
--Original deadline cannot be met.
--Established that the book should be written by the end of June, so the final commenting can begin.

-Agreeing on future meetings
--Attendees compare their vacation calendars, and they establish future meetings: June 23rd at 11 a.m., June 30th at 11 a.m. and July 13th at 2 p.m.
--Suggestion that it should be specified, what particular tasks should be done by which deadline.
---The contents of the book should be finished by end of June.
---Commenting the content of others should be finished by mid-July.
---Book is finished by 31st of July.

-Postponing the original deadline
--The use of the money from the grant can be postponed from the end of December to the end of January.
--This postpone should be enough if the book is submitted officially by the end of July.
--Due to covid-19, the grant fulfilment could be postponed for six more months and the grant money could be used for conferences in 2021.
--Suggestion that this extension is applied for.
--Decision that the possible extension will be dealt with after the book is submitted.

-[PERSON4]'s progress check
--[PERSON4] is working on attention metrices and different patterns.
--[PERSON1] is helping with visualisations of the [PROJECT2] metrices.
--Comparing [PROJECT2] and [PROJECT6] heat maps is difficult because different parameters potentially are varying the outcomes.
---Decision that it will be mentioned in a footnote only.
--1.1 must be reviewed and rewritten.
--5.3.1 needs more figures, tables, and conclusion.
--5.3.2 is almost finished.
--5.3.3 and 5.3.4 will be written by [PERSON1].
--5.4 needs to be rewritten with less detail. 

-[PERSON7]'s progress check
--Chapter 4 is almost ready to be read.
---The chapter will be not have the form of a story, it will rather concentrate rather on visualisations of embeddings and comparing different visualisations.
---The generative language models will only be mentioned shortly.
--[PERSON7] will ask more data-specific questions on [ORGANIZATION3] and write chapter 3.

-[PERSON6]'s progress check
--Chapter 6 has its final structure already, just needs to be rewritten.
---Decided, that 6.2 will be divided into multiple smaller subsections.
---[PERSON1] will add some visualisations to section 6.
---Agreed multilinguality will be in section 6.5 and copied from their previous paper without the technical details, just nice images.

-[PERSON1]'s progress check
--[PERSON1] is writing a survey about syntax in neural networks.
---It will be submitted to [PROJECT1].
---Some figures will be included in the book.

-Conclusion
--The chapters and sections should be set until Thursday, then it will be sent to Professor [PERSON9].
--All visualisations in the book should look at least similar.
---Suggestion it should be done in [OTHER2], so it corresponds with the relevant settings in [OTHER1].
--Updates should be discussed during the week also, not only in the meetings.

Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
