Date: 2020/12/10
Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON11], [PERSON4], [PERSON5], [PERSON6], [PERSON7], [PERSON2], [PERSON8], [PERSON3]
Purpose of meeting: Regular meeting - actual progress, news.

Summary of meeting:

[PERSON1], [PERSON3], [PERSON2]
- Little bit stuck with experiments.
- There are problems with mistakes.
- It is baseline.
- Complete the GPU test and to know that one new version of [PROJECT3] really works.
- It trains on floating point FP 16.
- Worry about multi-source status deliverable.
- It is waited for input from [ORGANIZATION2], there are needed data at first, the interpretation corpus.
- It is promised by Thursday.
- Then will be finished the executive summary.
- It is needed comment on [PERSON12]'s paper.
- Moving to spoken multi-source.
- There could be done the multi-source research also in the text domain.
- Texts from [ORGANIZATION3] could be used.
- [PERSON2]'s assumption is that there is no gain to be expected from multi-source.
- It will be tested empirically.
- Agreed on separate call about text based multi-source.

[PERSON1], [PERSON4], [PERSON11], [PERSON17]
- Inform about [PERSON10]'s leaving.
- [PERSON10] will finish the language model checking of ASR outputs.
- [PERSON10] should be in touch with whom who is getting his original tasks.
- Then would be live monitoring of whether the ASR is producing something sensible or whether something is terribly wrong.
- Integration will be more on [PERSON17] and [PERSON4].
- Together, they will synchronize developed tools.

[PERSON1], [PERSON4], [PERSON11]
- Talk about need of having the set up that everyone can actually integrate and test yourself - do it yourself integration.
- The testing approach and full pipeline should be easily accessible to everyone who develops a new useful component.
- Discuss actual set up and possibilities for [PERSON11].

[PERSON1], [PERSON4], [PERSON17], [PERSON11], [PERSON6]
- Discuss profanity filtering and spasm detection and removal.
- The profanity filtering should be employed twice - first after ASR, second after MT.
- [PERSON4], [PERSON17] and [PERSON10] have to solve domain adaptation - it should be as automated as possible.

[PERSON1], [PERSON4], [PERSON6]
- Discuss multi-accent Enghlish.
- Will be mainly on [PERSON6], [PERSON4] is interested in.
- Discuss record segmentation - cutting the recordings to words and done getting together to create a new recordings with different sentences and do this across different speakers.
- These sentences solve the problem with the implicit language model.
- Another idea - dropping out a time bands and frequency bands from the sound.
- The training pipeline probably uses this same technique.

[PERSON1], [PERSON5], [PERSON17], [PERSON4], [PERSON8]
- Discuss yesterday situation when start of pipeline rely on one person.
- Pipeline is very complicated to someone who see it first time.
- [PERSON17] is working on cleaner configuration.
- [PERSON17], [PERSON5] and [PERSON4] will discuss how it should be more self-explanatory, less error prone and a more modular, easy to integrate profanity filtering, rainbow worker etc.
- [PERSON17], [PERSON5] and [PERSON4] will work on first specification of requirements for a pipeline set ups.
- Discuss multiple scripts - there could be done one script with different parametres.
- Discuss particular workers and its using. 
- [PERSON8]'s worker will probably good for creating the the syntethic data, as the fall back solution the [PROJECT3] models running as a worker, launch [PERSON9]'s rainbow worker on our cluster.
- Get in touch with [PERSON3].
- Talk about [ORGANIZATION1] mailing list and its using for these technical issues and communication platform.

[PERSON8], [PERSON5], [PERSON2]
- Talk about problems with [PROJECT3].

[PERSON1], [PERSON8]
- Inform about working on the shortening and extending models.
- Discuss possible space for huge data.

[PERSON1], [PERSON8]
- Talk about participating with [PERSON23] and agreed on call.

[PERSON1], [PERSON5]
- Talk about process for PHD application and joining to [PROJECT1].

[PERSON1]
- Reminded everybody to record what they saw and read and their experience.

[PERSON1], [PERSON4], [PERSON7]
- Discuss [PROJECT1] test set automated.
- The code is almost finished with that discussion.
- It could be wrap it up today.
- The script is taking an input of taking the index file as an input and it will generate the ASR from whatever model there is mentioned in the script.
- After that will be the script discussed with [PERSON7]. 
- Agreed on meeting after it will be finished.

[PERSON1]
- Draws attention to availability of important people during meetings.
- It is needed to know what is our fallback solution if that party is not not present.

[PERSON1], [PERSON4], [PERSON6], [PERSON8]
- Discuss long term focus and spotted things which need attention.
- Non native accent - [PERSON4] and [PERSON6].
- Monday test document, immediate domain adaptation - [PERSON4].
- Techniques to put dictionaries to use in the systems - [PERSON10], [PERSON4], [PERSON6].
- Dictionary is well included, domain adaptation was tested with a non domain adapted model.
- [PERSON1] asks for convincing with outputs and also numbers that it's doing the job.
- [PERSON4] will test the latest one for sure.
- Consider to have an independent keyword spotting from sound.
- Then domain adapted [PROJECT2] set up, which is used only to spot the keywords.
- If there would be someone curious about that, let know - it could be accepted as a paper.
- [PERSON8] proposal the use some tool to download basically these kinds of filter and videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and make training set out of them.

[PERSON1], [PERSON6], [PERSON4], [PERSON8]
- Talk about profanity and positive speak.
- Mention as an example debate about African languages and change words discussing x disgusting.
- Proposal to use sentiment analysis - adapt it to agressive sentiment.
- [PERSON4] don't have good experience with that.
- Other proposal to use some datasets to filter profanity like social media.
- [PERSON8] supplement information from cable competition and will send a link.
- Notice that the setting is slightly different because there is not expectation that the speakers use abusive language but more official speech.
- It would be in our logs, but it won't be displayed on the subtitling platforms.
- It could be option for someone who would like to supervise a student.




Next meeting: 2020/12/17



Minutes submitted by: [PERSON24]

		




