(PERSON7) <other_noise> So I thought that for this check <ehm> we want you to do the switching <ehm> by killing (off) the <unintelligible>-lines, and <ehm> using the <ehm> bridge <ehm> selecting different bridge <ehm> worker <ehm> starting (up) a different bridge worker and starting (up) the - <ehm>
(PERSON7) Yeah, so, so [PERSON2] actually since you are here, <ehm> you were not here when I was <ehm> saying that Wednesday is also available for the full (guesting) at <ehm> (South Premises).
(PERSON7) <ehm> yeah and than - <ehm> so, (we'll do) the testing <ehm> in the second, once - <ehm> once [PERSON22] is - <ehm> is - (has) put everything together and on <ehm>, and so on.
(PERSON7) What (ow)- <ehm> what occured to me <ehm> as a usable thing <other_noise> is <unintelligible> (the) various thing would be if all the interpreters int he four <ehm> (booths) would see <ehm> their <ehm> subtitles as the're being recognised.
(PERSON7) So for example now if I saw me, if I saw my own English among the - <ehm> on the subtitles, which, for some reason, does not <ehm>, yeah - oh okay, something is being updated and I don't see the actual words.
(PERSON7) So, I cannot <ehm> (tune) my pronunciation to improve - <ehm> to improve what is <ehm> being reco- recognised or how do I - <ehm> how close am I to the microphone and and so on.
(PERSON7) Yeah, so the idea is to - to have <ehm> notebooks also in the interpreters' (booths), but we can run into physical limits, maybe there is not enough space on their desk and - and so on.
(PERSON7) <ehm> and- but if we - if we succeed with the physical setup, <ehm> then - <ehm> my idea is that <ehm> in the <unintelligible> languages we would also have these <ehm> specific for <ehm> languages or <ehm> fake language labels,    which would correspond to the <ehm> ASR <ehm> of the individual <ehm> (booths) <ehm> - like <ehm> (ride away).
(PERSON7) So this is <ehm> like an idea and I would like (that) [PERSON22] and - and <ehm> [PERSON2] or - <unintelligible> to discuss how to do this <ehm>, so that the <ehm> network load is - is not duplicated again.
(PERSON7) So - <ehm> so then, <ehm> no one would be likely to- to choose it and if they discover and they were like to follow these <ehm> direct (booth) channels then why not.
(PERSON7) So the idea is - how to set up <ehm> like a little path out <ehm> from the main path, which goes through the translation <ehm> and all that.
(PERSON7) <ehm> Okay, so let's - let's move <ehm> forward <ehm>, so <ehm>- a very <ehm> relavant thing <ehm> is that we would - we should <ehm> try o collect some feedback from the participants.
(PERSON7) <ehm> like if - if - if it - fails completely, there's no point in asking like- Were you happy with translation (quality) <unintelligible> polish <ehm> - so, we'll only ask <ehm> the questions that are relevant.
(PERSON7) (Though) into form modified as - as - as you like <parallel_talk> (Okey) <\parallel_talk> and we'll organise a <unintelligible> [ORGANIZATION4] form anyone can edit <ehm> it   and, <ehm> we'll finalise the content of the form actually on Wednesday I suggest.
(PERSON7) Yeah, and <ehm> the last thing I wanted to mention is this <ehm> video, that we would like to record from - <ehm> from that, as you know the - the video form <ehm> the <unintelligible> was quite successful at least for u- for ourself, I think.
(PERSON7) <ehm>, but <ehm>, anyway, I told the person <ehm> that <ehm> we would like, even if ([ORGANIZATION2]) does not (hello) him to - to go to the premises, that we would still like to do it well outside of the building, or <ehm> at [ORGANIZATION5], or wherever.
(PERSON7) <ehm> and <ehm> these- the journalist never know what to tell you, wh- what they should ask, or <ehm> what- what (he) should tell them, so actually it's up to us to - <ehm> to propose the propose the content.
(PERSON7) <ehm> so well <ehm > the- the person is avaiable and has the whole day <ehm> for us, <ehm> but <ehm> ([ORGANIZATION2]) needs to approve that he can enter the building, which is - <ehm> which they probably allow without any problems,    and that he can record and what he can record.
(PERSON7) <ehm>, I think (there) - is many sensible ways <ehm> how he can record something and still not record any of the participants, <ehm> and not our (inper)- iterpreters as well.
(PERSON7) And we would still like to see these parts of the video, <ehm> but <ehm> in general, <ehm> someone needs to confirm, that - that he can be there with the equipment.
(PERSON2) Okay, <ehm> please let us also know <ehm> if it's possible to record (the) something inside the - the building, because <ehm> maybe <ehm> we - we can (have) been providing recording by ourselves, at least some - <ehm> some (scene) of the situation and of the (booth) and <unintelligible> and so on.
(PERSON7) Yeah yeah, so <parallel_talk> <ehm> <unintelligible> video <\parallel_talk> what - what I - what I <ehm> also have is a - is a - like a regular camera, big one, that <ehm> I use <ehm> at the - <ehm> at the <unintelligible>, <ehm> so, <ehm> I also - well- t- try to - <ehm> get some material as a background, possible background <ehm> images.
(PERSON7) Is - a - the - the room <parallel_talk> Yes, sure <\parallel_talk> is not in the street regime, the - the room <ehm>, the lecture room, is - you don't need an ID card to enter this room, ehich is different from the normal premises of ([ORGANIZATION2]).
(PERSON3) <ehm> I am checking my microphone, because - I don't see my name like <unintelligible> <ehm>, so I thought it was broken and now it's finally working <parallel_talk> We can hear you, we can hear you <\parallel_talk>, okay.
So, the thing is, <ehm> even with the interpreters, <ehm> there was this requirement <ehm> for the confidentiality or (no dis)closure, so I don't think it will be this easy to - get permission to record anything.
(PERSON7) Yeah, <ehm> so the idea is to record <ehm> like the setting and what we do there, so the (wires) and an empty room, or <ehm> interpreter's (booth) or maybe to watch our participants,
(PERSON7) So we can make <ehm>, maybe <ehm>, like <ehm> <other_unrecognisable speech> (PERSON12) Yeah, and you will (probably meet)- also someone (disclosure) (for)- from the journalists, because <unintelligible> he will be there, he will hear stuff.
(PERSON7) Can you email [PERSON18], that <ehm> we need to have - because <ehm> what the journalist- <ehm> we cannot simply say <ehm> that he followed <ehm> the <ehm> like code of conduct of interpreters.
(PERSON7) But <ehm> please <ehm> since the time is <ehm> getting short please - <ehm> like - <ehm> swiftly communicate any - <ehm> any concerns, <ehm> so that we can - <ehm> we can have him there and - and record it.
(PERSON3) There were even concerns from the participants that- <ehm> the - thing the - things there will be talk - they will be talking about - will - be - <ehm> well, will (leak) too soon.
(PERSON7) Okay, <ehm> s- yeah, so well - I thing it's - <ehm> it's something that we all <ehm> can sign that we are not going to leak anything and that will be very <ehm> careful about the data and - all that, but  - obviously, (yeah) you- you have to decide.
(PERSON7) <other_noise> So - so - <ehm> I don't know, maybe - maybe some of the sessions should be like <ehm> close (PERSON2) for us or - I don't know what - what the setup would be.
(PERSON7) So I have the - full set of subtitles <other_noise>, but I don't have - <ehm> I see only some messy German <ehm> and some <parallel_talk> Yes <\parallel_talk> completely broken <ehm> English, so <parallel_talk> We still have only two English segmenters so we can run at most two languages at once.
(PERSON7) Yeah, so for now I suggest that <ehm> we all keep <ehm> connected to this call and <ehm> we'll do the (debugging) an- at various places and <other_noise> if you are not (debugging) at - anything at any point, then - <ehm> well - just keep working on whatever you have to do -
another thing that we <ehm> still have not started (debugging) is the - <ehm> is the video - broadcastings, so we should make yoursel(f this) opportunity and see - <ehm> yeah - if I can - <ehm>
(PERSON8) (Okay, I can) - <parallel_talk> What I noticed in the English channel is that <ehm> I still see a lot of <ehm> old English subtitles, some words about microprhone and recognising and reasonable - <\parallel_talk>
<\parallel_talk> <ehm> let's- let's copy<unintelligible> this link to - the [ORGANIZATION4] document, because <ehm> in <unintelligible> it appears in many - <ehm> in various channels and it's if you - if you <unintelligible> it.
(PERSON7) But if you are looking at the subtitles at [PROJECT1].<unintelligible>.com, <ehm> then <ehm> the English should be (live) what- <ehm> from what I - <ehm> what I'm saying.
(PERSON7) So, <ehm> there should be <ehm> little or no <ehm> delay between my words and what and what appears in the English - <ehm> and - <ehm> as for now - I - d - like at this point I see the English stuck and no <ehm> words of mine.
(PERSON10) <unintelligible> <ehm> the - the very last published message I can se on - <unintelligible> form the publisher is <ehm> three minutes old now, so no one is publishing right now.
(PERSON7) But <ehm> last time hae also didn't know about the - the (private) call and the<unintelligible> (regularer), so, can you please make sure <ehm> that <ehm> like - <ehm> you're on the same page.
(PERSON7) Yes <ehm> <unintelligible> because it's the regular thing that every - <ehm> every week we (set) - <ehm> like - <ehm> (it) - it is already month ago when we planned it for every friday.
(PERSON7) So [PERSON8], <ehm> the first <unintelligible> agenda is (metaphorum) and <ehm> I said that <ehm> there in the list it appears [PROJECT1] most likely - <ehm> [ORGANIZATION6] and your name was a question mark.
(PERSON3) Well, <ehm> this is probably not the perfectc- time <ehm>, but <ehm> I'd like to (raise) the point of (incriprion), that it would be nice to have - <ehm> on the - on the presentation interface <ehm> to have the HTTPS mandatory at least.
(PERSON3) Yes, that's correct, because for the- at least for the event it would be nice to have it mandatory, probably with some - at least a simple password.
(PERSON2) At the moment, <ehm> we haven't had any requirements for <ehm> user (authentication), but <ehm> we (willing) to (use) it <ehm> in the next versions, not for this event, sorry.
(PERSON2) And we require <ehm> much more <ehm> deep reasoning about it and this is the reason why in this version of this presentation platform we didn't store any <unintelligible> data.
(PERSON2) And they <ehm> (pulled) me that actually it's - <ehm> it's easy to do things we already (reason) about it and <other_noise> it's available for the <unintelligible> <laugh>, okay?
(PERSON2) <ehm> if we - if you are available we can do it <ehm> now, but if you prefer to <unintelligible> (descripting) the - <unintelligible> control record we can do it also later - <parallel_talk> Yes.
(PERSON3) Yes, so I'm - I'm - I will write <unintelligible> script as - as for the testing the ASR that it- it starts so many instances of - of the ebclient to send audio to ASR(+) segmenter - <parallel_talk> Yes.
